"A Doctor, curse his name, threw me down among the dead... but I endure. I am Eldrad... and I must live!"
"A roaming alien doctor - I can smell a series in this!"
"All things must die."
"An end to history. An end to certainty. Is that too much to ask?"
"Anyone who's prepared to kill for a book interests me."
"Change, Benny. It's the most terrifying thing of all."
"Children make better soldiers," said the teddy bear. "They kill without compunction."
"Danger is my middle name," Ace said. "Or it would be if I had more than one. I can look after myself these days, you know."
"Dear Doctor," wrote Chris, "I give up."
"Depends on how you define alien," the Doctor said simply. "They were human once."
"Destroy them! Destroy them all - now!"Barclow - an Earth-type planet on the fringes of space at an inestimably distant point in the future. Two factions claim it: humans from the nearby colony world of Metralubit and a small group of Chelonian troopers. Yet in nearly two hundred years of conflict, not one shot has been fired in anger, there are regular socials in the trenches and the military commanders are the best of friends.
"Do Time Lords get Alzheimer's disease?" asked Ace.
"Doctor!" said Anji. This couldn't be happening, he couldn't just walk out on them! "Look, give them a chance, they're frightened, they're only —" 
"Doctor, this is my fiancé. Please don't kill him."
"Doctor, we're talking about an old man who used to dress up in a skintight white jump suit and fly around New York catching super-villains. Don't you think there's something just a bit unusual about that?"
"Don't be alarmed!" the Doctor cried through gritted teeth, "It's simply sucking the life out of me. Nothing to worry about..."
"Dot dot dot, dash dash dash, dot dot dot. Someone's listening. Somewhere."
"Dr John Smith — you're under arrest. You do not have to say anything, but it may harm your defence if you do not mention when questioned something which you later rely on in court..."
"Frontios buries its own dead", or so the saying goes. The Doctor, Turlough and Tegan are forced into landing on the remote planet of Frontios, a human colony where deaths go unaccounted for. What lies beneath the surface, dragging its victims down?
"Good morning. We're doomed. Would you like a cup of tea?"
"Grrrrr."
"Have you ever thought what it's like to be wanderers in the fourth dimension, to be exiles?"
"He can't be alive..."
"He would learn nothing from the internal organs — and for a very good reason: there was nothing there. The dead girl's body was literally just skin and bone."
"Hear me, Lord of Time. We are a vengeful people. Our reach is infinite and our patience eternal. For your actions, we will have vengeance. And the vengeance of the Chronovores is terror beyond imagining."
"Hello! Doctor, it's me. Lucie. Lucie Miller..."
"Hello, I'm the Doctor. And, if you can hear this, then one of us is going to die."
"Houston – we have a problem."
"I blame those new Brainy Crisps. Since he started eating them, he's been too clever by half."
"I disliked my enemy so much... I bought the company!"
"I do hope you're all ready to be terrified!"
"I feel like a pawn in a blasted chess game, Ace." "I know what you mean. Trouble is, they keep changing the chess-players."
"I have done enough!"
"I like to stare into the sun, eyes wide. It burns incredible colours into my head, great shifting continents of them that blot out all else. And I try to keep looking until I imagine all the pretty blue has boiled away from my eyes and they are left a bright, bloody red and quite sightless."
"I love her," the Doctor said.
"I suppose that was one of the Doctor's most endearing qualities: the ability to make the bizarre and the terrifying seem utterly normal."
"I tell you — we will cut off this King's head. Aye, with the crown on it!"
"I warn you, things could get very nasty here before they get better."
"I wasn't going to let this happen. After all we'd been through, the Doctor wasn't going to die like this, on his knees, in the mud."
"I won't fight you."
"I'm not even sure they are people by the end. They're just so many tinned left-overs..."
"I'm playing with a fire so dangerous I could scorch eternity."
"If I'd wanted to spend the rest of my life hoofing it around grimy spaceships for no good reason I'd have stayed in Spacefleet."
"If you step into history," said the Doctor, "I won't be able to protect you."
"It doesn't take the creation of a whole new universe just to kill a cat."
"It's an ancient name. From the dark time..."
"It's me, daddy. It's Bernice."
"It's the biggest ship the world has ever known — and in just twenty minutes' time it's going to hit an iceberg the size of Ben Nevis!"
"Just a taste of Armageddon, Romana. It's what happens when acquisitive minds are left unencumbered by conscience."
"Just how technologically advanced are they?" The Doctor frowned. "Let me put it this way: they have a non-aggression pact with the Time Lords."
"Life is cheap in Byzantium. Life is cheap everywhere that the Romans are."
"Look at the way they just call themselves the People," said Jo. "They're too humble to give themselves a name!" '"Or too arrogant to think they need one," said the Doctor.
"My friends call me Frobisher. My enemies call me Mr. Frobisher. And the junk mail department of the Galactic Readers' Digest call me Mrs. F R Rubbisher — but that's neither here nor there."
"My name is Bliss," said the newcomer, "and I bring great news for you all!"
"My new Fire-Ice will solve all the problems of the planet!" The world is on the brink of crisis. As fuel runs short, society begins to break down. One man seems to have the answer. But is it too good to be true? The Doctor arrives at an old oil refinery near the South Pole, concerned by claims about this new form of energy. He soon discovers something huge and terrifying is stalking the refinery. It brings death and destruction in its wake. The battle has begun for planet Earth.
"My view," said the Fourth Doctor, "is that you can run — in fact it's often by far the best option — but you can't hide. I'll see myself out."
"No one from this time will ever see that girl again..."
"No time. They have come. They have come at last."
"Nonsense, child," retorted the Doctor. "Grandfather indeed! I've never seen you before in my life!"
"Now, you may or may not have noticed, but we appear to be on fire..."
"Oh no, not again..."
"Oh, we get far worse things than that, Ace. The dementias that plague us are much, much darker."
"People of Red Rocket Rising, my fellow citizens. Our long night is over. I've been contacted by a benevolent people. They too have known great trials, but they have overcome them and made it their mission to help others do the same. They have offered us refuge, and passage to the nearest human worlds. They have the resources, and the patience and compassion, to evacuate every one of us. My fellow citizens, my friends, rescue is at hand!"
"Pray welcome, one and all, to this, a fantasy in two acts, presented, most humbly, for your pleasure. We bring you drama and magic, angels and demons, a tale of mysterious plague... of nightmares made flesh... of a war fought both in this world and those immeasurably distant. A war, in fact, fought through the mists of time itself. It will make you gasp! It will make you weep! It may even make some of you wake-up..."
"Release the Doctor — or the killing will start."
"Remarkable. I'm surprised at how much has been uncovered." — Anji Kapoor
"So, that's an Ice Warrior. Brings a whole new meaning to the concept of shell suits."
"So, this is the blue planet you've forgotten about. But take another look. You helped us once. I know you can help us again."
"Someone here has been playing with time, Ace. Like playing with fire, only worse - you get burnt before you've lit the match."
"Someone is tampering with the fabric of the human cell," the Doctor said darkly, "perverting its secrets to his own dark purposes."
"Spare no sympathy for those creatures. They were witches, they deserved to die."
"Stay the hell out of my mind," hissed Forrester. "Just stay away from me." She turned and stalked out of the room. Chris put his head in his hands.
"Subject is called Molly O'Sullivan. An inhabitant of Earth. Born Earth year 1891. Has travelled in space and time with Time Lord known as the Doctor."
"Take Arcadia apart if you have to."
"Tell me another story, Leela. Not the one about the walking doll or the creepy mechanical men. A new one. I want to hear a new one..."
"The Dead are not alone. There is something in the mist and it talks to them."
"The Grail is a story, a myth! It didn't exist on your world! It can't exist here!"
"The Krill are pure rage. Pure aggression. There is nothing for me to reason with, nothing that I can appeal to. By now there must be millions of them out there, and I don't know how to stop them."
"The Mara is in all of us, deep in our minds. In our darkest thoughts, that's where it started. Some people call it a demon, but that's too simple. It's about temptation."
"The Sontarans can never defeat us. It is we who will win."
"The Squall feed on psychic energy. They spread like a plague and if they are not stopped they will strip the Earth clean..."
"The Sunlight Worlds Offer You A Life of Comfort and Plenty. Apply now at the Dalek Foundation."
"The flood is come! Oh God save us all; the day of judgement is come!"
"The future folds into the past. The homeless hero has fallen. Now begins the time of three tales: The Tale of the Herald. The Tale of the Hidden Woman. The Tale of the Final Speaker. When the last tale is told, all the lights shall fail. The world will end."
"The more the Doctor dreams," the Quack said, "the more real I become. He has not yet dreamed me fully, but he will."
"The motorway bends around the woods. So did the old road. So did the Roman road. As long as people have lived here, they've gone out of their way to avoid the woods..."
"The past is like a foreign country. Nice to visit, but you really wouldn't want to live there."
"The raw power of the very fabric of reality itself. And you dare to think you can conquer it?"
"The whole structure of the cosmos could be at stake — and the focus of the danger is here on Earth," Bernice sighed. "Charity begins at home."
"Theosophy? Ha! Surely you mean theophany? Because we're not talking about real gods here, are we? We're talking about the appearance of gods. Your heavenly powers are a little too mechanical for my liking. And, if I may be so bold, Lord Zeus, your demeanour is not very godlike."
"There's no end to the horror in this place — it's like Hell, and there are devils round every corner."
"They called it the Millennium Effect", said the Doctor. "But the millennium was only beginning."
"They say there'll be thousands pouring into Manchester tomorrow. From all over the county, north and south. It'll be a piece of history. People will remember this!"
"Things go missing on Heritage. It's one of the hazards of living here. One of the many hazards."
"Things have to get worse before they can get better. Trouble is, I think they're about to get a lot worse. As worse as worse can be. And then some."
"This is High Treason, and for this you deserve death. However, in view of your past service, the sentence is commuted to exile. You leave Gallifrey this day, never to return."
"This is a warning. Your aggression cannot go unchecked. The West must disarm. We will make you disarm."
"This is the Gyre – the most hostile environment in the galaxy."
"This isn't Hell," the Doctor assured her. "It's only a sequel."
"This whole wedding is like making a nuclear bomb with half the instructions missing!"
"Tomorrow belongs to us, not you. If you were really from the future, Miss Summerfield, you would be a Nazi."
"Tonight, I am going to tell you the story of the Prisoner of Peladon, and of the time when a friend and protector returned to our planet. A man called... the Doctor."
"Vastra and Strax and Jenny? Oh no, we don't need to bother them. Trust me." 
"Wanted dead or alive for the murder of... William Donovan!"
"We are deranged. We are psychopaths, sociopaths, up the garden path," said Tanith. "We are mad, and you are trapped with us."
"We're all hopelessly lost, aren't we, Doctor?"In the Galactic Census, idyllic Strellin is recorded as a Grade Three planet – its inhabitants possessing neither advanced technology, nor knowledge of other worlds. Accordingly, Strellin is protected: landings by off-worlders are strictly prohibited. Unless, of course, those off-worlders are officials of the Galactic Census itself, come to investigate the origin of a mysterious sub-space signal – a signal no native of Strellin should be able to send...
"We're not like you - we can't be whole on our own."
"We're on Mars, we're surrounded by Ice Warriors, and the TARDIS has been destroyed. Business as usual, I suppose."
"Welcome back, Doctor..."
"Welcome to the future. Step right up for the trip of a lifetime! Yes, madam, I know it says Police Public Call Box but that's just by way of a bit of disguise..."
"Welcome to the future."
"Well, I doubt you'll ever see a bigger insect."
"What if there were a game you didn't know you were playing? Where you didn't know the aim and you hadn't seen the rules?"
"When the barrier gives way, this planet will be flooded by all the evil in N-Space; and at the moment I have no idea how to stop it."
"When the river is gone, ships shall sail in the sky, monsters bring fire from the heavens. All will fall into a grey and endless sea, and Doomsday has come."
"Wherever this cocaine has travelled, it hasn't gone alone. Death has been its attendant. Death in a remarkably violent and inelegant form."
"Who's going to save us this time?"
"Willkommen, bienvenue, welcome to the Theatre des Baroque!"
"With one glance he will destroy your body and wither your soul."
"Yaranaa!"
"You know me then?" asked the Eighth Doctor, a little tentatively.
"You know what cobwebs mean. Spiders..."
"You must never tell. Not a soul. That's the magician's oath."
"You want more time Mr Brown, of course you do. We all want more time. Let me make you an offer..."
"You're not the Doctor I knew."
"You're on your own, Ace."
'My watch is running backwards.'
'The Dreamtime is living Time. The Dreaming is living myth.'
'They called it Enamour. It turned minds, sold merchandise, and swayed elections. And it did its job far too well...'
'Twas the night before Christmas, and all through the house not a creature was stirring...
'Why are you here? I mean – who are you, exactly?'
'You want to know about the Clockwork Men?
'You're listening to LIVE 34.'
(back cover)
1199: Returning from the Crusades, Hubert, the new Earl of Mummerset, comes to take possession of Stockbridge Castle, his ancestral home. The only trouble is, in his absence, demons took possession of his Castle...
1400 BC
1500BC — King Actaeus and his subjects live in mortal fear of the awesome gods who have come to visit their kingdom in ancient Greece. Except the Doctor, visiting with university student June, knows they're not gods at all. They're aliens. For the aliens, it's the perfect holiday — they get to tour the sights of a primitive planet and even take part in local customs. Like gladiatorial games, or hunting down and killing humans who won't be missed. With June's enthusiastic help, the Doctor soon meets the travel agents behind this deadly package holiday company — his old enemies the Slitheen. But can he bring the Slitheen excursion to an end without endangering more lives? And how are events in ancient Greece linked to a modern-day alien plot to destroy what's left of the Parthenon?
15th Century Prague: in the castle dungeons, a prisoner raves about the end of the world. Outside, Liv Chenka seeks out the workshop of a strange Clockmaker to see what he is creating.
1872. After finding a strange signalling device on the moon, the Doctor and Peri travel to the depths of the English countryside to track down the source of its transmissions. But they're not the first aliens to arrive on the scene.
1918. The world is at war. A terrible raging conflict that has left no one untouched.
1934: Salutua, a legendary lost island in the Pacific. Millionaire Marshal J Grover's expedition arrives to uncover and exploit its secrets. But the task is complicated by a film star's fears and ambitions and a scientist's lethal obsession.
1934: the TARDIS lands on a snowy island off the coast of Alaska — one that wasn't there four years, three months and six days ago, according to the Doctor. The island is dominated by a vast, twisted citadel. Inside it, the Lurkers lie dreaming. It's said when they wake the world will end...
1935: a message from a Time Lord in trouble sends the Eighth Doctor and Charlotte "Charley" Pollard to the streets of London's West End, in search of a mysterious alien adversary — unaware that something monstrous is already on their trail.
1950s Kenya. The Mau Mau uprising. A disparate group of women lie low in a remote house in the jungle, waiting for a resolution or for rescue. Among these British imperialists is Elizabeth Klein, a refugee from a timeline that no longer exists... thanks to the Doctor.
1950s London: newcomers arrive daily on British shores seeking a fresh start, new opportunities, or simply the chance of a different life. However, some are from much further afield than India or Jamaica...
1967: The Revolution has just started. All you need is love — but the ability to bend space and time helps. An entity called the Revolution Man is writing his graffiti across the surface of the Earth, using a drug called Om-Tsor.
1983: as the country goes to the polls, two "Urban Explorers", together with a freelance journalist, break into the long-defunct Cadogan Tunnels, once a secret wartime facility... and later, so rumour has it, the site of an experimental laboratory with a nasty sideline in vivisection.
19th century Lancashire: where the white heat of the Industrial Revolution burns hottest at Samuel Belfrage's brass mill, a mill plagued by more than its fair share of work-related injuries.
2015: When sightseers Joel and Gabby Finch encounter a strange man in Edwardian cricketing garb in the Sistine Chapel, their honeymoon suddenly takes a terrifying turn.
2197. The fighter-carrier Valiant has just crossed Pluto's orbital path. Its captain is expecting trouble from alien raiders. She is not expecting the Doctor and Evelyn.
23 November 1963
23 November 2013. In an Oxford laboratory, graduate Alice Watson helps Professor Chivers assemble the final pieces of an impossible machine. A time machine.
24 Messidor, XXII: the TARDIS has landed in post-revolutionary France, or so it appears. But the futuristic structure of the New Bastille towers over a twisted version of Paris. And First Deputy Minski, adopted son of the infamous Marquis de Sade, presides over a reign of terror that has yet to end.
331:
4039. The Earth has been ravaged by the monstrous Graxnix, but the Tenth Doctor has bigger problems. A Chronal Interface leads him back to the present day, where it soon becomes clear that someone is interfering with time...
6 May 1997
8.
9AM: Registration
A Graske is loose and causing havoc. Can you help to stop him? Become the Doctor's companion and save the world!
A Great Darkness is spreading over E-Space. Entropy increases. In search of a last exit to anywhere, the TARDIS arrives on the power-less planet of Apollyon, where the scientist Pallister guards the only way out — a mysterious portal. But the portal needs power to open, and the only power Pallister can draw on is the energy contained within the molecular bonds of all living tissue...
A Soviet operative poses as a UNIT officer and attempts to persuade the Third Doctor to join the Soviets, rather than work for UNIT.
A Van Gogh painting ferried across thousands of years offering a terrifying prophecy, a message on the oldest cliff-face in the universe and a love that lasts a thousand years: in 102 AD England, Romans receive a surprise visit from Cleopatra. Nearby, Stonehenge hides a legendary prison-box. As it slowly unlocks from the inside, terrible forces gather in the heavens. The fates are closing around the TARDIS. The Pandorica, which contains the most dangerous threat in the Universe, is opening. Only one thing is certain: "The Pandorica will open... Silence will fall".
A bank teller finds a piece of plastic in a fence one day and notices a strange man in a scarf trying to get the teller's attention.
A bizarre manifestation in the Control Room forces the TARDIS onto the Plutonian shores of the irradiated world Nevermore, whose sole inhabitant is the war criminal Morella Wendigo — a prisoner of this devastated planet. But the Doctor and his new companion aren't Morella's only visitors. Senior Prosecutor Uglosi fears the arrival of an assassin, after the blood of his prize prisoner. An assassin with claws...
A boy named Calagundus follows his clan's druid, Cunovellasus, who is preparing for the winter solstice at the temple. Cunovellasus tells the boy about the clan's deity, a sun god, which was stolen by the Romans.
A boy named Robert watches as a movie crew chases three people around the movie set. The three people enter a blue box and it vanishes.
A brand new story begins, as the Doctor and Clara are forced to ally with gangsters on the Vegas strip to combat an even more terrifying foe!
A bust of the Roman emperor Nero has been found. It has some odd properties: it has an inner heat source, it leaks condensation from a crack in its base, it causes dizziness and fatigue to anyone who touches it briefly, and it burns anyone who holds it for any length of time.
A cell. Four walls, one door. Jamie McCrimmon can escape, but it means unravelling a puzzle of extraordinary complexity.
A century after his great-grandfather Cornelius vanished in the Amazon rainforest, Edward Perkins is journeying to the depths of the jungle to find out what became of his ancestor's lost expedition. Intrigued by what appears to be a description of a crashed spacecraft in the diaries of that first voyage, the Doctor and Leela join him on his quest. But when their plane runs into trouble and ends up crash landing, everyone gets more than they bargained for.
A close encounter with a stray missile leads the Doctor to materialise his TARDIS on a planet that hangs in the dark at the edge of the known universe. A planet so dark that it exists in near-permanent night. A planet that enjoys just a single day's light once every thousand years...
A colony of highly evolved woodlice are in danger at the top of a time tree when it is in danger of being cut down.
A conference of lexicographers: bromides in tweed. But the leading expert in the field is found dead by her own hand — and by her hologlyphic assistant. Is he responsible? Does the death fit any conventional definitions? Can the Sixth Doctor realise who wrote the suicide note and why, exactly, it was riddled with spelling errors?
A conference to unite military powers against the Cybermen is taking place and the Cybermen plot to destroy the Earth by crashing a space freighter into it. The Doctor must stop them, whatever the cost...
A curse on this damned reef — and curse the Doctor who brought us here!
A damaged alien computer is being guarded by UNIT troops, but the soldiers simply vanish...
A deadly night attack on an army base. Vehicles are destroyed, building burned, soldiers killed. The attackers vanish as swiftly as they came, taking highly advanced equipment with them.
A death at an abandoned coal pit brings UNIT and the Third Doctor to the South Wales town of Llanfairfach when the body is found glowing bright green. Are pollutants from Global Chemicals responsible? Where are the giant maggots coming from? And who is the mysterious BOSS?
A desert island castaway is using high-pitched sound to make a giant squid attack passing ships. The Doctor and the Brigadier are holidaying on the Brigadier's private yacht when it is attacked by the squid. Taken as prisoners, the Doctor and the Brigadier are imprisoned by the castaway in the cave.
A faulty Magnetron Drive on a crashed spaceship causes the Doctor's TARDIS and another vessel to crash-land on Earth in the time of the dinosaurs. The Tenth Doctor must team up with the alien survivors to get past dinosaurs and an officious security hologram to disable the drive.
A faulty circuit causes Donna and the Doctor to grow in size.
A few hundred years late to return his library books, the Eleventh Doctor and Amy find the library fully stocked, but abandoned and derelict. They inadvertently wake a Book Monster (a creature made up of books). The creature is hungry and as books are thrown around, more of the Book Monsters start to form.
A fifties housewife gets more than she bargained for when she offers to help a strange girl who appears in her kitchen.
A genius maths nerd, a weird webzine publisher, and the Doctor's old ally, the Brigadier, find themselves helping the Doctor and Ace solve what should be a simple puzzle: the appearance of a crop circle in the Kentish countryside.
A god has died. A crime has been committed. And an even greater threat lies beneath the surface.
A gravatronic tractor beam is used to capture the TARDIS, but accidentally locks on to K9 instead of the Doctor, kidnapping the robot. Firandel and Rolgot are behind the botched kidnap, working for the Sontarans. K9 realises their intention to kidnap and kill the Doctor because of the lack of air on his expected arrival and overpowers his "hosts" before the Doctor and the TARDIS arrive in safety to collect him.
A group from the Micmac tribe, led by Sees Strangers, travels a long distance to trade with the Vikings. On the way, they meet the Doctor, who accompanies them as he wishes to bury the ashes of his good friend.
A group of gold-skinned aliens land on Earth and offer wondrous technology in exchange for fuel. The Doctor, however, isn't fooled, uncovering the Axons' true nature and once again facing his arch enemy, the Master...
A huge metal dome sits by the side of the river Thames, within it is a device that might change the entire future of humanity. The Doctor, Zoe and Jamie embark on a small act of kindness but the TARDIS seems oddly unwilling to help. It’s as if it knows the truth. There is something waiting here, something adaptable and cunning, gathering its strength to conquer the stars.
A large cocoon-like craft heads towards Earth and disgorges smaller, similar craft. The caterpillar-like aliens attack a meeting of the planet's scientists and control them with rays emanating from the single eye in their heads.
A little boy goes missing; a policewoman begins drawing cave paintings; and the employees at the mysterious Glasshouse are desperate to keep everyone away — the Doctor suspects it's all down to a group of homo reptilia. His assistant, Liz Shaw, has ideas of her own and has teamed up with a journalist to search for people who don't exist.
A little boy is taking a bath. He is nervous that someone might come in, but then he hears a reassuring voice in the hallway.
A long time ago, the Doctor made a deal in the Tower of London. 20 million Zygons walk among us, in human form, living undetected in peace and harmony. But cracks are showing in this delicate peace. Humans and Zygons are disappearing. In city apartment blocks, lifts are going missing, and far below the streets of Britain, alien pods are growing in secret caverns. To top it all off, UNIT's scientific advisor, Osgood, sends a desperate message to the Doctor - but since Osgood is long dead, how is that even possible?
A long, dark night in 17th century Suffolk for the TARDIS travellers — when they find something nasty outside the woodshed.
A lost prog rock symphony is unearthed from the vaults — with catastrophic consequences for the entire cosmos.
A malfunctioning water molecule shield on a barren world threatens the survival of one of the most hunted species in the universe.
A man has been on a pub crawl. When he goes outside for a cigarette, a young woman approaches him. She bites him on the neck and drinks his blood. She hears a noise, and has to leave before she can kill him.
A man performs acupuncture on a young woman in a London office as she remembers a woman named Caroline Wade camping in the snow when she meets a mysterious man and young girl.
A man stands alone on a desolate planet. He feels an attack on his mind but it is weak and he is able to resist it. Instead, it begs for him to take it off the planet.
A man thinks he is in a London pub with his friend Wilksy. As they drink, a man comes in looking for his friend Ace. The bartender, Paddy O'Brien, knows the man as the Doctor. The Doctor claims that O'Brien has his friend.
A meteorite hits the North Sea near an oil rig. The oil rig survives the shockwave, but on the sea floor the meteorite glows ominously.
A missing businessman, odd snow, and a strange man in a bowler hat drag the Doctor and his snowbound friends into an alien mystery.
A modulated frequency wave cancellation signal isn't something that the Doctor and Romana expect to detect in 1960s London. But then they don't expect to find Professor Lanchester, the man who invented it, lying unconscious. Or MI5 investigating.
A mysterious disturbance in the hyperspatial vortex causes the Doctor and Sam to materialise the TARDIS in deep space. Here they find that a huge derelict alien craft has become the subject of a dangerous confrontation between starships from the rival systems of Nimos and Emindar. At the centre of the dispute is a ruthless politician with secrets of his own — a man who is willing to risk innocent lives to claim the derelict for himself.
A mysterious force blocks the TARDIS — with Amy inside it — from landing, keeping it stuck in a materialisation loop. It's up to the Doctor to work out what that force is, lest Amy be lost forever along with his home/motor. As he investigates, the Doctor learns of a house on Aickman Road, with a staircase which people walk up but never come back down. To solve this mystery, the Doctor must pass himself off as a normal human and share a flat with Craig Owens.
A mysterious voice, a missing girl and a murdered queen. The Royal House of Peladon is once more plunged into intrigue, terror and death. The Doctor, Peri and Erimem must find their way through a treacherous labyrinth of lies if they are to distinguish friend from foe before it is too late.
A nameless city on a primitive, rain-sodden planet. The ruling Knights of Kuabris strive to keep order as hideous creatures emerge from the sewers to attack the populace. It seems that there might be some truth in the prophecies after all.
A nation divided...
A new adventure in time and space for the Fifth Doctor and his new companion, Amy, as they search for the Key to Time.
A new adventure with the First Doctor as told by his grand-daughter, Susan.
A new adventure with the Second Doctor as told by his companion, Victoria Waterfield.
A new adventure with the Third Doctor as told by his companion, Jo Grant.
A new plant food being used at the Arboretum is also feeding the meat eating Paranox Web...
A planetary ecological disaster... An incurable, disfiguring, genetic disease... Aliens, in breach of galactic law...
A probe is on its way to Mars...
A prophecy is coming true. The Eleventh Doctor is summoned to Trenzalore where it was said he would fall. But what does the alleged site of his final battle have to do with the mystery of Clara — or is it Oswin — Oswald? Can the Paternoster Gang help him avoid his apparent destiny? And most of all...Doctor who?
A psychic invite to a Time Conference is mistakenly received by both the First and Eleventh Doctor with explosive results if the two should actually meet and cross their own timeline.
A race of giant Gastropods has taken over the planet Jaconda. Their leader, Mestor, now intends to cause an enormous explosion in order to spread his people's eggs throughout the galaxy, and he kidnaps juvenile twin geniuses from Earth to work out the necessary mathematical equations. Space fighters led by Lieutenant Hugo Lang are dispatched to get the twins back, but they come under attack and Lang is the sole survivor when his ship crashes on the asteroid Titan III.
A random landing in London and a trip to the Savoy Hotel yield unexpected results for the Fifth Doctor. Tea, scones, an American general who knows far too much, and the threat of a Dalek invasion of Earth.
A rebellion on another planet. A kidnapping in central London. The head of MI5 assassinated. A hostage siege suddenly and violently ended by the SAS. A computer CD slipped into the Fourth Doctor's pocket by a dead man...
A relaxing break for the Doctor and his companions Jamie and Zoe becomes something decidedly more sinister when they are arrested for trespass. But what has happened to the planet Earth? And how has the malevolent Chairman Babs gained control? As the Doctor and Jamie are incarcerated in a prison that they can never escape from, Zoe is forced to change sides...
A replica Taj Mahal on the hollow moon of Artenture is being primed by the Doctor's enemies the Propheetis, for an invasion of Earth!
A replica of the Colosseum on the planet Phwillite has been turned into a deadly arena by Professor Rulas' Collossus computer to decide the champion of the universe.
A research ship on the planet Azarius looks to be lost when a giant alien whale (a rogue bio-bot) moves in with its jaws open and ready to swallow it up...
A robot legionnaire attacks a small English town of the 1970s. Tracing them to their origin, the Fourth Doctor arrives on another Earth in which the Roman Empire conquered the galaxy with their Iron Legion of robots commanded by General Ironicus, a servant of what he calls the gods.
A school lesson in Leeds is interrupted by one of the pupils — Archie, sneezing. From his nose erupts a giant snot monster. With every sneeze more snot pours out. The Doctor and Decky Flamboon arrive an hour later when the school and the streets are covered in snot and a  giant snot monster is on the run. A scan by the Doctor with his sonic screwdriver finds the snot is harmless but is also alien! Trapping the monster down an alley they are alarmed when they realise that the creature is growing at a rapid rate. But the creature is stopped in its tracks by a small yappy poodle. The Doctor reaches for his sonic screwdriver and by reversing the signal the creature is reduced to its former size. Returning to the school, the Doctor finds Archie and stuffs it back up his nose. The Doctor explains that the boy is actually an alien called Archie in disguise. Archies are two aliens one inside the other which causes chaos if they are separated. The Doctor suggests that if Archie is to continue studying in an Earth school he should at least carry a hankie!
A security force with no official identity... a managing director with no name... a sinister creature on guard patrol resembling some kind of hellhound... SenéNet is no ordinary multinational company.
A seemingly incurable disease is gradually weakening the people of Theros. The Doctor and his companions travel with Grig, a Therovian astronaut to the planet Ixon where a moss grows that might provide an antidote.
A shadow being has emerged from a machine used to view alternate realities, and is stealing time from those he touches in order to become "real." Can the Doctor save the Hypothetical Gentleman's latest victim?
A ship called the Camara is sailing through the Irish Sea in 1826. The crew have put a large rock into a net and are hoisting it overboard. The Captain discovers what's happening and declares that they're "too close to land to let loose the demon". One of the crew members runs toward the stone and pushes it overboard, dying the second he touches it. With a loud splash, the rock falls into the water and sinks into the ocean.
A shopping trip to get a Christmas present for Clara's leads to an encounter with alien carol singers who look all Chrismassy
A simple trip to New York in 2012 goes horribly wrong when the Eleventh Doctor's companion, Rory Williams, is sent back to the 1930s by the Weeping Angels. There, he finds that his daughter, River Song, is investigating the Angels, as Manhattan has become their hunting grounds. The Doctor and Amy Pond must find Rory before it is too late, but they soon find that not every point in time can be changed. And here, the Doctor must face the one thing he has been dreading — a final farewell to the Ponds.
A single touch could turn you to stone... forever!
A so-called Master Race is attempting to develop space flight using captive humans as live guinea pigs. Along with others, the Doctor, Gillian and John are forced to undergo a harrowing series of tests culminating in the piloting of an untested rocket.
A space freighter is in trouble and about to crash because of the interference by a Garaman that has been hiding in the ship's manual.
A spacecraft set on an apocalyptic collision course with Earth, a host of killer robot angels and an evil severed-headed mastermind — it's just another Christmas for the Tenth Doctor...
A spooky old house. A body in the library. A killer on the loose. The Doctor accepts the challenge laid down by the sinister Mr Norris: to solve a murder mystery that's defeated 1,868 of the greatest intellects in the universe... and counting.
A strange beauty parlour has opened its doors for business in a dowdy Salford terrace circa 1965. Monsieur Coiffure is the talk of the street with his fabulous make-overs. When the Doctor arrives, however, he knows at once that there's been some unnatural titivation going on.
A strange creature forces its way into the TARDIS, steering it to a white void occupied only by the ruins of an old building and a spaceship. This empty space is a gateway to the past and future. The creature responsible for taking them there is Biroc, a member of the enslaved race known as the  Tharil. The gateway offers the only exit from E-Space, but the void is contracting. Are the Fourth Doctor and his friends fated to spend eternity in E-Space? What final shocking revelation awaits the Doctor?
A strange invitation brings the Doctor, Steven and Vicki to Venice in the year of our Lord 1609: a place of politics and poison, science and superstition, telescopes and terror. Galileo Galilei is there demonstrating his new invention to the Doge, and William Shakespeare is working as a spy for King James I. And there are other visitors too: inhuman ones that lurk in the shadows, watching — and killing.
A strange telepathic message prompts the Doctor to travel to the Sector of Forgotten Souls, a place where, thousands of years ago, Omega's ship vanished whilst detonating a star.
A stunning new clue to Captain Jack Harkness's missing memories and mysterious past is uncovered! The thrilling race is on for Rose, Captain Jack and the Doctor to escape the clutches of a familiar foe...and a whole planet of the Doctor's biggest fans?!
A stunning new star act is wowing the audiences of the New Regency Theatre. The modern mechanical marvel of canny canine charisma - the automated dog that can answer any question - the incomparable - the unbeatable - K9!
A submarine is cruising the area, when it is supposedly attacked by Daleks. Nobody is killed and everyone is taken prisoner.
A terrifying pyramid has appeared in the skies above New York City, and it's here to claim an ancient secret – buried in the body of a very-much alive movie star!
A thousand years after his first visit to the planet Artaris, the Doctor returns. The city of Excelis has grown, spreading a vast Empire throughout the globe. Science and engineering have provided a new Age of Reason.
A thousand years ago, the evil Cult of the Dark Flame infiltrated every star system in the galaxy. In the history books the Cult is legendary, its despotic leader a terrible memory.
A three-man rocket crew are nearly done with their mission to Titan Base until a course change puts the rocket in the path of a strange cloud in space. By the time they arrive, they have come under the control of a sentient virus which threatens the galaxy. When the TARDIS picks up an emergency message, it flies into the cloud, infecting the Doctor. To save himself and others, he must undertake a dangerous journey.
A thrilling TARDIS chase through the atmosphere — after no ordinary comet! Tracking the Entity's signal from the Berlin Wall in 1976 to Rome, 31 AD, the Doctor, Alice, Jones and ARC stumble into an ancient mystery that will forever change the course of human history! And the burden and dangers of a life aboard the TARDIS start to hit home for Jones —  is this his farewell tour?
A tiny spaceship is roaming London, and youngsters are going unconscious. But what's connecting it all?
A tornado in space whisks the Third Doctor and his new friend Tom inside a vast biological computer.
A travelling showman named Vorgenson travels around the galaxy, spreading stories of the Doctor's exploits, while using his minimiser gadget to conjure up the Doctor's enemies.
A trip for the Doctor and Heather to Hyde Park in the future finds it paved over and being used as a car park. Racing to a sudden explosion at the Royal Albert Hall, they find panic and chaos. From the explosion and derelicts on the streets they see a band of rebels trying to escape from an army of hissing, highly mobile tripods, each housing a plant in their domed structures, chanting in unison "Monoxise the humans. Monoxise!"
A trip to the Antarctic Circle proves eventful for the Doctor and Martha as they find themselves battling to save the human race from the Skith.
A trip to the Picnic Planet of Floriosophon Fidestra, a planet known throughout the galaxy for its flora and fauna, for the Eleventh Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams, brings them across a discarded communicator. It is sending out a distress call. Even though the signal is weak, the Doctor believes he can trace it and off the three rush to the rescue.
A very special celebratory comic strip adventure from Scott Gray, Dave Gibbons, Martin Geraghty, Roger Langridge and many more!
A visit to an art gallery turns into a race across space to uncover the secret behind a shadowy organisation. From the desert world of Karris to the interplanetary scrapyard of Junk,  the Doctor and Donna discover that appearances can be deceptive, that enemies are lurking around every corner - and that the centuries-long peace between humans and machines may be about to come to an end. Because waiting in the wings to bring chaos to the galaxy is the Cult of Shining Darkness.
A warp ellipse draws the TARDIS off course. The Fifth Doctor's companions are separated from him not in space, but in time, and he has to deal with a treacherous schoolboy named Turlough. But why does the Doctor's old friend, the Brigadier, not remember him at all?
A wedding on the planet Koturia turns out to be a far more dangerous proposition than the Sixth Doctor and Peri ever expected. It marks the return of a formidable old foe whose genius matches the Doctor's. Can the Doctor outwit this villain, save Peri and stop the wedding in time?
A young American soldier of the 22nd century tells the story of the influence the Doctor and Peri have had on him throughout his life, even though he never gets to meet the pair face-to-face.
A young boy's life is in danger as the Doctor comes face to face with a deadly predator.
A young lieutenant is sent to interrogate two strangers who were apprehended whilst intruding at a secure RAF base. The man seems strangely familiar, could pass for Lord Byron, and says he's an alien; meanwhile his female friend is apparently from 1930. As the lieutenant tries to find out what they're doing on his base, something connects them with a strange incident earlier in the day: stories of a giant insect...
A young man called Oliver has lost his memory. All he can remember is his travels with a man called the Doctor. When an army of alien creatures are unleashed on Earth, Oliver discovers his trips with the Doctor are far from over.
A young man is on the run. But he can't remember why he is running - or who is following him...
A young teenage boy, Jason, starts the first entry in a diary his granddad bought him for Christmas, stating that he only started it because strange things have been happening lately. A boy in the year above, Chris Rutter, has disappeared.
A young woman climbs a perilous mountain in search of her destiny. The Doctor and Turlough save her from the monsters on her trail – but what awaits them in the Cavern of Becoming is stranger, even, than the ravening Hungerers outside.
A young woman is working in her shop one day when she sees a face in the window. It is a child's face but with adult eyes and an evil smile. It seems to be looking at her. Nobody else seems to see it, and she can't bring herself to mention it. Over the next few days, she starts seeing the face in any reflective surface: windows, mirrors, drinking glasses, and even her son's eyeglasses. She takes to hiding in her bedroom with the curtains drawn. She becomes estranged from her husband and son. When she tries to talk to someone about the face, nobody believes her.
AZIMUTH DEPARTMENT OF RE-EDUCATION
Above London a Nim Confederacy spacecraft is giving the humans half an hour to leave their planet. Using his sonic screwdriver to teleport himself aboard, the Doctor learns that the peace-loving Nin believe the Earth is theirs. They bought it from the King of Earth as a new home after theirs was destroyed by solar flares.
Above the jungle world of Ramosa, the Eminence war is raging. Sensing the growing threat, the native Ramossans have risen up against the human colonists in their midst and regained control of their planet.
Abslom Daak is a murderous mercenary. But does he have more in common with the Doctor than he realises?
Abslom confesses a Daak secret. Alice develops a bond. The Squire recovers a memory. And the Doctor discovers the horrific truth about how The Then and The Now has been tracking them - and he doesn't like it one bit. As the universe closes in around them, is escape even possible?
Accidentally thrown together, Dr. Who (Peter Cushing), his granddaughters, and their friend Ian cross the universe in Who's new invention, the space and time machine known as "Tardis". When they land on the planet Skaro, the travellers meet the kind and placid Thals, who live in fear of the dreaded Daleks. Somehow, the Doctor and his party must find a way to help the Thals overcome the deadly mutants who live inside impenetrable metal casings.
According to popular legend, the great humanitarian Stewart Ransom founded the Independent Earth Colony on Axista Four in the year 2439, but the truth is not as neat and simple as the legend would suggest...
Accused of a genocidal crime he (probably) didn't (possibly) commit (oh hell, he totally did it), the Doctor and Alice – along with a unique! new! companion! – go on the run.
Ace and the Doctor visit a planet where the inhabitants have devolved into primitives. The Doctor has a plan to save this former civilisation.
Ace is dead. Or at least she will be — soon... In a secret room deep inside the TARDIS the Doctor has been examining the body of Ace's future self. He now knows how she was killed, where she was killed and when she was killed. What he doesn't know is why...
Ace is working in a fast-food restaurant in Perivale when she encounters who she thinks is her friend Barry Groves dressed in a funny chicken costume. She gives "Barry" a box of fries but does not realise this is actually the Ergon scouting Earth in service of the Time Lord Omega. When he gets the fries, Omega complains about the lack of salt. She later tells the Seventh Doctor about this over table tennis in the Cloister Room.
Adolescence is a difficult time. Especially when you have the power to rule the world.
Adopting the alias of Weng-Chiang, the 51st century war criminal Magnus Greel will one day arrive in Victorian London by Time Cabinet — only to meet his doom, his plans undone by the Time Lord known as the Doctor.
Adric's life is full of death. His parents died when he was a child. His brother died a few months ago. Now, travelling with the Doctor and Romana, everywhere he visits, people die. But now they have arrived on Veridis. And on Veridis, the dead come back...
Adventuring on his own for a while, the Doctor seeks out an artefact of great power that could spell disaster in the wrong hands: the Eyes of Hades.
After a literally explosive regeneration, the brand new Eleventh Doctor survives a crash-landing to Earth. However, he has little time to recover. With a mysterious crack in a little girl's wall and a missing alien prisoner, the Doctor is in for an adventure. However, with the TARDIS damaged and the sonic screwdriver destroyed, can the Doctor capture the rogue alien before its jailers burn Earth to a crisp?
After a meteorite crashes and is taken to a museum, unusual corrosion occurs nearby. The Doctor and Liz Shaw investigate and discover an extraterrestrial culprit.
After a run-in with a spaceship during departure, the TARDIS lands in 1605, where the crew finds the collision has caused portals to other places in time and space to open. On top of that, a group of men are plotting to assassinate the King with the help of a mysterious woman with glowing green eyes. It seems the Doctor may not be the only alien in town...
After a successful moon landing, the crew of the Achilles spot a deep, cylindrical shaft into the lunar surface. On Earth, the Doctor's warning against any exploration of the shaft are ignored. When Major Franklin disappears after descending the tunnel, the mission is aborted. However, as the returning space capsule enters the Earth's atmosphere, the astronauts and it are turned to stone. The Doctor attributes this to fragment of the mineral Crunthel collected by the astronauts from the tunnel floor. Joined by CIA agent Harry Godino, the Doctor travels in the TARDIS to the moon. There they discover that the tunnel leads to the burial chamber of a member of an ancient alien race. Trapped in the tomb, the travellers' only hope of escape is for the Doctor to make contact with the aliens — the Lords of the Ether themselves.
After a time cannon hits the TARDIS, the Sixth Doctor and Frobisher find themselves among a people who are disrupting time's correct path.
After a trip to Marinus, the Sixth Doctor is convinced to visit an old friend, but this will be Jamie McCrimmon's final adventure...
After accidentally squishing one of its inhabitants, the Eleventh Doctor is chased through a world of varied gravitational orientation by a mob intent on killing him for his crime.
After adventure and a half in space, the Doctor and Clara are  kidnapped by 9th century vikings. However, to make matters worse, hostile aliens have also arrived in the vikings' village; they are provoked into declaring war on the village by a stubborn girl.
After an explosion in the TARDIS, the Eighth Doctor and Izzy wake to find themselves on trial by "Jurors of the Limbo Inbetween" to determine whether they will "reside up above or burn in torment down below." After hearing the testimonies of villains who have been defeated by the Doctor, the two-headed, tentacled judge is about to pass judgment on The Doctor and Izzy when a person in a white gown with a hood-covered face bursts into the courtroom and helps them escape.
After arriving on an alien planet in the 208th century, the Tenth Doctor and Heather wander off, unaware that Heather has accidentally left the TARDIS door open. They return to find it gone. A neighbour shouts from a window that it's been taken by Ronnu Thanjess — a dodgy bloke who sells used spaceships. She also tells him where his yard is.
After being captured by the Lords of Jelsen, the Tenth Doctor and Heather McCrimmon are forced into a spaceship race-or-die "game" through the ruined cities of the abandoned planet of Jelsen. Their opponents in matching spacecraft are two young friends, Jossi and Karter, who were captured when they went too close to the planet.
After being tortured for billions of years within his own confession dial, the Doctor has been pushed to the brink of madness. Returning to Gallifrey, he must face his own people, the Time Lords, but how far will he go in his quest for vengeance? Does he have another confession? And how fiercely does his rage towards them for causing Clara's death burn?
After billions of years of imprisonment, the vicious Sild have broken out of confinement. From a ruined world at the end of time, they make preparations to conquer the past, with the ultimate goal of rewriting history. But to achieve their aims they will need to enslave an intellect greater than their own...
After closing hours, in a shopping mall, Dawn, a cleaner, is running for her life. She is chased by three creatures that look like The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams, but with green skin and crazed red eyes. Heading for the panic room in Bleachers Pharmacy, Dawn is rescued by the real The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams.
After colliding with a meteor in space, the TARDIS is forced to make an emergency landing on Earth. The place is China around 200 BC, during the reign of the first emperor, Qin.
After dropping off one-time companion Hattie in the Twist, the Doctor finds himself in Paris, France in the 17th century curing the reign of King Louis XIV. However, something is seriously wrong: Cardinal Richelieu still has the city in his iron grip when he should've died fifty years ago, but he is doing more than cheating death. He has allies that are not from around here and is planning to plunge France and the entire world into darkness. Will the Doctor and his new companion Julie be able to stop him or will they be killed by the "darkness"?
After dropping off the Gravis on Kolkokron, the Doctor takes Tegan to the day the Earth is destroyed, where they meet two people, an old woman and a crippled boy, calmly waiting for the end to come.
After having fixed Decky Flamboon's shape-changing belt and seen him transform into a human boy, the Doctor promises Decky another trip so he can experience Christmas (a tradition held three times a year back on Sirus). Unfortunately, arriving on Christmas Day in England 2034 they find a "snow block" above a town and the authorities bundling presents and decorations into the back of a van in front of a protesting family. Under instruction from the Arch-Mayoress of England all Christmas presents and decorations have been collected up for burning at the Town Hall. Heading to the Town Hall the Doctor and Decky find the Arch-Mayoress alongside a huge machine (the Scooge 3000) which is sucking in everything fun and crushing it. The Arch-Mayoress orders the Scooge 3000 to stop the Doctor interfering — what she says goes and she hates surprises. But the biggest surprise comes when the Doctor activates Decky's shape-changing belt and he turns from "boy" to "giant lizard". The Arch-Mayoress is thrown off balance and the Doctor puts the Scrooge 3000 into reverse resulting in presents being thrown out from the Town Hall. The snow block is lowered and with presents and snow galore, Christmas is saved and the Doctor and Decky are invited to stay for Christmas dinner.
After helping Inspector Lestrade solve "the case of the unsuitable suitor" and stop the evil Professor Janus getting married (!), the Tenth Doctor and Rose leave to catch a cab to Waterloo, boat train to Paris and a night at Le Moulin Rouge. Their journey, however, is interrupted immediately. A cloud of vampire bats block the sun, congregating above the Royal Lyceum Theatre.
After landing on a strange planet, Ben gets an almost irresistible urge to go running, claiming that he's failing to get proper exercise in the TARDIS. The Doctor opens the doors and soon Ben is out of the nervous view of Polly.
After losing Amy Pond and Rory Williams, the Eleventh Doctor has retired to Victorian England, where Strax, Jenny Flint, and Vastra assist him. The Doctor eventually meets Clara Oswald, and takes a liking to the young barmaid who leads a double life as a governess. At the same time, a sinister plot is unfolding; snowmen are randomly appearing around London, growing in size and power. All they need to take over the world is some human DNA in ice crystal form, and the frozen body of a drowned governess can give them just that.
After rescuing a robot from the crash of a Starfire cruiser, the Tenth Doctor joins forces with it to prevent a group of pirates from obtaining the Vortex Code.
After rescuing the failed inter-galactic mission sent out by the Council of Earth and Mars, Tardis brings Doctor Who and his friends to the planet Rhoos. They materialise on a weird plain that turns out to be the hand of the evil Cyclops, Fo. He has been sleeping through all this, but now wakes and departs, taking Tardis with him. As the Doctor and three of his companions (Hill, Shelley and Chertzog) fly around in their contra-gravity suits on a recce, they are captured by a mysterious spaceship.
After saying his goodbyes to Martha Jones at the end of Last of the Time Lords, the Tenth Doctor accidentally pilots his TARDIS into the path of... the Fifth Doctor's TARDIS! As the current Doctor muses over aspects of the Fifth, the Fifth Doctor becomes increasingly worried as their combined TARDISes threaten to rip a hole in space and time the size of Belgium!
After saying their goodbyes to Professor Litefoot and Henry Gordon Jago, the Doctor and Leela respond to an alien distress call beamed direct from Victorian England. It is the beginning of a journey that will take them to the newly built Space Dock Nerva... where a long overdue homecoming is expected.
After several days of travel in his TARDIS with companion Jo Grant, the Doctor notices they haven't gone anywhere. When he breaks this news to Jo, an outside force tears his mind from his body. The Doctor is entrenched into a battle for his mindscape, while his companion fights equally to keep his body alive.
After shaking off Nardole, The Doctor asks where Bill Potts wishes to travel in time. She asks to see the future. Complying, he takes her to see one of Earth's first space colonies, where it's been stated the inhabitants have cracked the secret of perpetual happiness. However, they soon discover that the cause of this "happiness" has a very deadly punishment for not following along.
After taking Martha Jones to see the Beatles perform in a Liverpool club in 1963, the Doctor finds the area around them brightly lit. His sonic screwdriver shows the area is bombarded by ever-increasing amounts of positively charged ions. It is the energy used to create a biometric matter transfusion field used in interstellar teleportation. The energy field increases in intensity around Martha, who disappears in front of the Doctor's eyes.
After testing UNIT's new depth charge, the Doctor finds that Carpanthans have an underwater city built from sunken ships. Unfortunately, the Doctor ends up on trial for the accidental destruction of their world.
After the Doctor and his companion Martha mistakenly land the TARDIS during the Great Plague of London, the discovery of a healer draws them into a mystery that could mean the end for Martha.
After the Doctor's latest victory over them, the Daleks are out for revenge! They've set a trap for the Doctor and plan to make him into what he despises most: one of them!
After their previous trip to the moon ended on a sour note, the Doctor decides to take Clara on a final trip in the TARDIS - "our last hoorah!" The destination? There have been many trains that took the name Orient Express, but there's only ever been one that traverses space!
After travelling with the Doctor through time and space, Ian Chesterton is back in his own time. But the mystery of how he and Barbara Wright disappeared in the year 1963 has alerted the authorities — and both are suspected of being enemy agents in the Cold War.
After years as a companion to the Second Doctor, Jamie McCrimmon was returned to his own world and his own time, and his memories of his travels were erased, until now.
Agatha Ellis is writing a letter.
Alain and Simone fret over their non-existent wheat crop. They had a fine crop the previous year which had even poorer weather. The Doctor is investigating underground and bursts to the surface. He has been using his sonic screwdriver to trick what is below the soil into rising to the surface, but all that happens is large roots break through and, too strong for the Doctor (or Alain) drag the Doctor underground. 
Alice Obiefune always wanted to see a space station – one of those proper ones. Maybe with an exotic matter wormhole nearby, if it's not too much trouble.
Alice Obiefune has just lost her mother when the Doctor explodes into her life.
Aliens decide to kill the Doctor before they begin their invasion of Earth. They try to carry out their plan in a foggy London park.
Aliganza Torp meets a sepulchral undertaker in a dark place who questions him about his name as well as the Doctor's. The undertaker explains that the Doctor thinks so little of him because he won't reveal his name. Then he tells Aliganza to hold out his hand.
All Alex Yow wants is to become a photojournalist and break her first story. All Brandon Yow wants is for his sister to keep out of trouble and come home. But that's not going to happen, because Alex has taken a picture of a statue. A statue that can move.
All aboard, me hearties, for a rip-roaring tale of adventure on the high seas!
All over the world, people are "ghosting" each other on social media. Dropping their friends, giving vent to their hatred, and everywhere behaving with incredible cruelty. Even Donna has found that her friend Hettie, with her seemingly perfect life and fancy house, has unfriended her. And now, all over the world, internet trolls are dying...
All that matters is the game.
All that remains of a once proud civilisation on Gemino is the Vault of Plenty wherein all culture, knowledge and food reserves were stored prior to its war with another planet. To help the starving Geminan survivors the Doctor must run the gauntlet of traps that will eventually unlock the vault.
All this useless beauty. All these great leaps forward. And for what? So that the first alien with an advanced degree in interplanetary warfare can take it all from you?
Alone, and equipped only with a case full of small gadgets the Doctor must brave a hunt to the death by warriors of a gaming Emperor who kills for sport. This time the quarry is the Doctor. Unaided the Doctor manages to get back to the TARDIS and in consequence gains the Emperor's respect.
Along the way the duo meet a couple of comedy policemen, an art thief and a captain who wants to infect his crew with one of his diseases...
Altrazar. The temporal Atlantis, a place lost to time. Believed by many to be a myth, it has long been the perfect location for the rich and powerful to hide away their most dangerous secrets.
Amongst the rubble of 22nd century London, Simon must finds he has a protector in the form of a blue box...
Amy Pond and Rory Williams are trapped on a crashing space liner, and the only way the Eleventh Doctor can rescue them is to save the soul of a lonely old miser. But is Kazran Sardick, the richest man in Sardicktown, beyond redemption? And what is lurking in the fogs of Christmas Eve?
Amy Pond, Rory Williams, River Song and the Eleventh Doctor receive a mysterious summons that takes them on an adventure to 21st century Utah and Florida in 1969.
Amy Pond, while outside the Doctor's TARDIS, gets infected with a Chronic Spasm Virus. The virus causes her to jump randomly through time and space. The Eleventh Doctor and Rory track her by following her time trail, but are unable to reach her before she momentarily arrives in the trenches of France in 1917, Ancient Rome, the court of Queen Elizabeth the First and pre-historic Earth, where she is pursued by a tyrannosaurus rex and a predator bulge in the time vortex that threatens to swallow her up.
Amy dons a nurse's outfit as she and the Doctor investigate a series of mysterious disappearances at an old folks' home. But what lurks in the laundry closet? And who are the faceless children who come visiting after dark?
An All-American creative team tackles the celebrated Doctor in this special standalone tale. An adventure where the Tenth Doctor and his companion arrive on a utopian planet where robots do all the manual labour. But things aren't quite what they seem...
An Australian man is spending Christmas with his ex-wife's in-laws, Jim and Lucy, because his home has been destroyed by the wildfires that now threaten Jim and Lucy's home. Help is on the way, but it becomes increasingly clear that it won't arrive in time.
An Edwardian yacht in deep space races around the planets. There is a double agent in the TARDIS crew. The White Guardian warns the Fifth Doctor of great danger. Turlough must finally choose sides and at the end of the race lies the prize of Enlightenment.
An abandoned gold mine in California, USA, some time in the 19th century some months after the gold rush is where the Eleventh Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams find themselves. The only remaining miner is Ike. In spite of a monster in the mines "with six mouths and teeth like pickaxes", Ike, desperate to find enough gold to support his family back home, has stayed when all the other prospectors have been scared off.
An adventure that begins at the end on a planet that exists outside of normal time with the Doctor and Clara trying to escape the Drooloords before its too late.
An alien has taken over Hollywood's residents and trapped them in a dead world. Worst of all, the alien has trapped the Doctor in his own nightmares
An alien terraforming device lands on Earth and begins to terraform in a graveyard, creating a swamp-like environment. The Doctor and Rose follow it to Earth, where they meet Raj and Jim, who came to the graveyard after seeing the device's flashing lights. Skeletons begin to crawl out of the ground, and the group seek refuge at a nearby house, the home of Ivy Henson, who the two boys believe to be a witch.
An ancient artefact awakes, trapping one of the Doctor's companions on an archaelogical dig in Egypt. The only way to save his friend is to travel hundreds of years back in time to defeat The Water Thief.
An anomaly in time brings the Doctor and Liv to London in the 1960s, where they meet a young lady named Helen Sinclair — desperately trying to make a name for herself in the face of sexism and prejudice.
An elderly-looking man asks spiritualist Diamanda to speak to the deceased Esmerelda. Looking into her crystal ball, Diamanda claims that Esmerelda is happy and requests money for more information... only for the man to reveal that Esmerelda is fictional. Taking off his disguise, he reveals himself as Harry Houdini and scolds Diamanda for offering false hope at the expense of people's money. The spiritualist confirms his accusation, but adds that after acquiring her crystal she has in fact been hearing dead voices, "and so much more besides..." Diamanda orders the crystal ball to save her, and Houdini is met by a milky white vortex. Using his pocket watch to create a signal, Houdini mutters that there is only one hope for him...
An encounter with the living energy structure known as the Mandragora Helix leads the TARDIS to 15th century Italy. Between palace intrigue, the machinations of a sinister cult and a rogue fragment of Helix energy, the Fourth Doctor and Sarah have their hands full. There is not much time, for when Mandragora swallows the Moon, it will be time to strike.
An energy drain traps the Third Doctor and Sarah Jane Smith on the planet Exxilon with its hostile natives, causing the travellers to make an uneasy alliance with a Marine Space Corps expedition and a squadron of Daleks. The key to escape for all of them lies at the heart of a powerful and mysterious lost city, but only after a series of deadly traps.
An experimental timeship smashes into the TARDIS, and the crews of both ships wake up on a desert island. Has the TARDIS been destroyed? And why doesn't the Doctor want to escape?
An instant of the Time War brings centuries of conflict to the planet Drakkis, and the Eighth Doctor is there to witness the terrible results.
An intelligence awakens beneath the Earth and begins to become aware. It senses the presence of several teenagers and decides that it will lead an army of them. However, it is defeated by the Doctor, who says that this is not the right time.
An intergalactic treaty is about to be signed which will give the Frovians free access to the Kollian Dimension.  The Doctor arrives in support of one of the signatories, the Frovian Prince Luj.  But why is the Doctor now a woman?  And just how much can the Doctor trust his royal friend?
An ordinary man becomes obsessed with the Tenth Doctor and Rose Tyler, and uncovers a world of living nightmares.
An ordinary man called Collins buys himself a new record, but soon regrets it when a man called the Doctor starts paying him unusual attention. Will the Doctor be able to prevent the record's terrible power from being unleashed upon the world?
Ancient Egypt, 41 BC. The Doctor and Peri watch as Cleopatra's pleasure barge glides up the Nile in preparation for her fateful meeting with Mark Antony. And an alien presence observes the TARDIS, waits for it to dematerialise, then pounces.
And everywhere that Mary went, that lamb was sure to go.
And he only has one hundred days to find out who did it.
Annajin Valentin has followed the Puppeteer, who possessed her brother Sukhrit, to Gondovan. There, she meets the Doctor and Oliver Day, who are also on the trail of the Puppeteer, an alien that takes over its victims' minds and causes them to act violently.
Another draft extract from Act V Scene iii of The Winter's Tale - this time part of the scene in the Chapel at Paulina's house that forms the climax of the play, as Paulina reveals what purports to be a statue of the dead Hermione. Of course, the audience knows that the statue is actually Hermione herself, who isn't dead at all...
Another early draft of a scene, this time from the play Cymbeline.
Answering a distress call, the TARDIS lands on Earth on Christmas Day. The Doctor and Charley find the family of a girl named Zoe Elliot have been possessed by "Angels". The Angels believe Zoe is their missing daughter. Two thousand years ago there was a plague on their homeworld and they sent their daughter into space for safety. The journey to find her has led them to Earth. The Doctor explains that over the years the stars have moved. He uses the TARDIS to take the aliens to the proper planetary position, where they find their daughter.
Answering a distress signal from an abandoned space station the Doctor and Clara encounter hungry Parabees and a mould monster — but who sent the distress signal and why?
Answering a mayday, the Doctor discovers the dead body of Dr Kaleb Loss on planetoid KX77 in the Bromid system, known as Death's Door owing to its toxic atmosphere. He concludes the researcher died from spacesuit rupture: noting that Dr Loss worked for the Institute for Exo-Contamination Treatment (InFECT), he takes the body several light years to Mustron V, where the Institute is based, curious as to Loss's reason for being on Death's Door. On Mustron V, the TARDIS is forced to land outside the Institute by a force field: taking the body in by foot, wearing a spacesuit, the Doctor finds no sign of the remaining four InFECT staff. He is attacked by a large blue biped, which he stuns by pulling an astrograph over on it; he discovers team member Rachel "Red" Barlow in hiding, who tells him the creature is one of two Vox, used as guard dogs: the other has been killed by the figure of a faceless spaceman, causing everyone to go into hiding.
Anton Hellinger is house-sitting for the friend of a friend, Cameron Hayes. He gets a phone call from someone named the Doctor, who asks him to retrieve a bag from the beach outside. Anton does so, and the Doctor, over the phone, gives him instructions on how to revive the girl inside, who is the Doctor's friend Lucie.
Arden. A planet of hills and streams and forests. Peaceful. Friendly.
Ares One: NASA's first manned mission to the dead planet Mars. But is Mars as dead as it seems?
Ari Leventhal is abducted by aliens and put on trial for a film adaptation that they believe misrepresents them.
Armed with a copy of Skiing with Confidence,  the Doctor takes Decky Flamboon to the Alps for a skiing lesson. But Decky has problems with the skis and his powerful tail sends the TARDIS rolling down the mountain. Changing into a boy again, Decky tries to chase it as it rolls further gathering snow as it does. Speed reading the manual, the Doctor gives chase. The TARDIS snowball runs up the other side of the valley before slowing down and rolling back into the path of the Doctor and Decky! At the same time, deep within the mountain a Vendraxoo craft lays waiting to launch an attack. Panicked by the giant snowball that has approached them the emergency evacuation sequence of their craft is activated and they blast of the planet believing to be under attack from superior technology. The Doctor recognises the spacecraft as belonging to the Vendraxoo ("a nasty bunch") and suggests some more skiing to Decky who isn't impressed.
Arriving at a final frontier called Dustville (aka Arkansas XVl Colony Base One), the Tenth Doctor is curious why at noon the town's streets are empty. From nearby a young boy, Ben McGill, calls to the Doctor to hide as bandits (large fearsome beasts with red eyes) tear through the town, leaving a trail of damage in their wake.
Arriving at the Shackleton Crater on the Moon in 2039, two Earth astronauts in search of water find the Eleventh Doctor and Amy Pond already there. The crater, always on the dark side of the moon has been probed to reveal a good source of ice. A torch is shone into the crater. There is no reflection of light from any ice, but the torches pick out something else in the dark, something that races out towards them.
Arriving at the ancient Museum of Alexandria, the Doctor is keen to explore. He might find some new recorder music, and Jamie might discover a new porridge recipe, while Zoe will love the antiquated ideas about astrophysics. But once inside, they all find rather more than they bargained for, and it soon becomes clear they may never leave the Museum alive...
Arriving in Middlesbrough, the Doctor, Ace aid Colonel Muriel Frost in an investigation into a plane crash during WWII.
Arriving in Victorian London, the Fifth Doctor, Nyssa and Tegan run straight into trouble: Nyssa is kidnapped in the British Museum by Egyptian religious fanatics; the Doctor and Tegan are greeted by a stranger who knows more about them than he should and invited to a very strange party.
Arriving in a dense alien forest, the Eleventh Doctor and Amy Pond disturb green, luminous fungi that smells like rotten cabbages. They are arrested by law-enforcement mechanoid DRC-1000. The enforcer believes Amy to be a shape-shifting fugitive known as Egron the Flesh-Eater whom it is hunting.
Arriving in a hail of musket fire, the Sixth Doctor unexpectedly finds himself in the highlands of Scotland, where the ruthless Black Donald and his band of rebels are fighting the Redcoats. But the highland warriors no longer fight for the Jacobite cause and the English officers answer only to the mysterious Overlord. What has happened to Scotland and why are its moors littered with advanced, oil-pumping technology?
Arriving in the Arctic in 2019, the Tenth Doctor is setting up his deck chair to take in a solar eclipse when the ice below him is ripped open. From the ice emerge tall alien creatures who identify themselves as Antipho. They ask the Doctor for help.
Arriving in the town of Tombstone, the First Doctor finds himself involved with gunmen out to kill Doc Holliday.
Arriving on Earth in 1864, the Eleventh Doctor and Amy must get a posse together to help them retrieve an alien artefact. The duo are chased across the Wild West by the alien race, their only hope of escape is catching the 3:25 train to Arizona.
Arriving on Space Station Nerva in its distant past, the Doctor, Sarah and Harry find its crew threatened by a mysterious plague. Discovering that things are not as they seem, they stumble upon a plan to commit genocide, devised by the Doctor's old enemies, the Cybermen.
Arriving on Spiridon, the Third Doctor and Jo encounter a Thal group. But the Daleks are here... and this time, they're invisible.
Arriving on a seemingly deserted Earth, the Doctor, Sarah and Harry soon discover a crew of shipwrecked astronauts from a distant Earth colony. Lured there by a fake distress call, the astronauts are being experimented on by the deadly Sontarans in preparation of a full-scale invasion of the planet. Can the Doctor defeat Sontaran Field-Marshall Styre and save the world?
Arriving on an underwater base under attack, it's up to the Doctor and Clara to save the frightened crew. But also onboard is an alien spaceship, and the base is being haunted by the most impossible of things.
Arriving on the Mayflower, the Sixth Doctor, Peri and Frobisher find themselves under attack.
Arriving on the almost impossibly ancient planet of Hyspero, a world where magic and danger walk hand in hand, the Doctor and Sam are caught up in a bizarre struggle for survival.
Arriving on the barren world of Androzani Minor, the Doctor and Peri find themselves embroiled in a long running, literal underground war. At the heart of the conflict is a substance called Spectrox - both valuable and deadly! The Doctor & Peri wind up being poisoned by the material, which is killing them slowly and painfully unless they can find a cure. As the conflict heats up and the situation gets more desperate, the Doctor realises time is running out - both for Peri and himself...
Arriving on the planet Cashel, the Tenth Doctor witnesses a strange masked ball. To guarantee peace, Prince Zircon has to choose a bride from the Bog People - dead men and women who have been resurrected as slaves. Or as warriors. But Zircon is in love with the enslaved Princess Ash, whose parents were deposed and executed by the current Queen. As usual, the Doctor has walked right into trouble, and it's up to him to sort it out.
Arriving on the planet Hespic to offer Amy Pond and Rory Williams a chance to try the amazing cuisine, the Eleventh Doctor opens the door to find the place overrun with plants that seems to have grown since yesterday afternoon. The rapid growth seems to be due to a creature roaming loose. It looks a cross between a chicken and a sheep. The creature, now having wandered into the TARDIS, seems to exude a kind of super-fertiliser from its constant flatulence. The TARDIS is full of fully grown plants from many planets, rapidly grown from seeds on the bottom of the travellers' shoes. While trying to capture the creature, the Doctor becomes tangled in vines, leaving Rory and Amy to trap it.
Arriving onboard a spaceship, the Eleventh Doctor and Amy Pond are soon attacked by a creature. It is referred to as "the Charonid" by the ship's only conscious crewmember, Cormac, who fires a stun pistol. The Charonid runs off.
As Captain Jack comes into the Doctor's life again, the TARDIS is thrown to the end of the universe. As the last remnants of humanity struggle to reach "Utopia", unknown to all, the Doctor's greatest enemy is about to rise again...
As Geoff Sinton is about to head to the pub, two strangers, the Doctor and Lieutenant Sullivan, arrive at his house, claiming to be from the television company. As the Doctor works on their television, Geoff and his sons watch.
As Peri begins to adjust to life on the TARDIS, the Doctor plays a simulation program of two species evolving, represented by black and white pixels, with the goal being to help them find evolutionary stability without harming the other. Unfortunately, the Doctor is unable to solve it. Because it's using so much memory, he plans to take it to the Proofrock-Mills Intelligence Museum in the year 3009. After Peri goes to bed, he travels to the museum in 3010, to see the program in its exhibit. When he finds the exhibit, he is amazed to see it has been solved, the program now being a swirling mass of grey. Wondering how this has been achieved, the Doctor checks the visitor's book. Most of the entries are what he expected. However, the final entry is the one that surprises him. "You won't find the solution for a while. Give it a regeneration or two - The Doctor."
As Verin attends to his duties on the Necropolitan, he notices that the Doctor is here with two of his friends. Later, there seems to be some kind of disturbance at the Necropolitan, and the Doctor seems to be involved.
As a Dalek Strike Fleet heads to destroy another defenceless world, the Doctor seeks help from a shadowy guerrilla force. The Time War leaves many casualties in its wake, and inside the Obsidian Nebula the monstrous Unlived are held at bay only by the 'Lady' and her dwindling band of fighters. The War Doctor soon finds himself at the Lady's mercy, and two old friends face new revelations...
As a new day breaks over Nest Cottage, the Doctor and Mike know they have to face their enemy for a final confrontation. Reduced to miniature size, and with Mrs Wibbsey along as an unwilling adventurer, they venture inside the hornets' nest itself. The Queen lies in wait for the enemy which she and her brood have faced so many times over the millennia. If she is to guarantee the survival of her alien hornet race for another thousand years, this is a battle she must win! The loyalty of the Doctor's friends will be tested to the limit. And perhaps, at last, they will all understand why Mike Yates is so important...
As a pod of Moerani float through space, one of their youngsters hears a call and goes to investigate. It is unintentionally left behind.
As a reward for her help in the last episode, Martha Jones gets a trip in the TARDIS.  The Tenth Doctor takes her to 1599 England. After viewing a performance of Shakespeare's latest play, the time travellers are beset by apparent sorcery. Under threat of annihilation from a species from the Dark Times, the TARDIS team have to establish whether there is a connection between a witch they've met and Shakespeare's Love's Labour's Won — a play that was legendarily lost to time.
As an alien graffiti artist attacks London, the Doctor discovers that the Sticks and Stones rhyme is wrong. Words can hurt you!
As he struggles to resist regenerating, the Twelfth Doctor prepares to make a last stand against the ever growing army of Cybermen. However, with Bill still a Cyberman, and Missy gradually turning to her old wicked ways as the Master reminds her of who she used to be, can the Doctor convince his old friend to finally be good before he falls?
As if the death of his best friend wasn't enough, the Doctor's situation has only gotten worse. What initially started as an attempt to help clear someone of a false murder charge has evolved into to something much worse.
As scholars are aware, the ambitious 'Shakespeare Project' set out to provide unrivalled academic notes and insight into each and every extant text by the great playwright. However, the project was abandoned under mysterious circumstances. The only work to have been completed seems to be this draft of the notes for a scene of Julius Caesar.
As soon as he arrives on the planet Sartor, the Doctor is caught in a conflict. Androids are attacking the human colonists. The Doctor takes cover in a nearby shelter. There, Lieutenant Kamini explains they are under attack from a Quarsian pirate ship. Their protective force field has been attacked and damaged, leaving them vulnerable, while the androids steal the planet's diamonds, which the colonists mine and use for trade.
As the Brigadier meets with the Secret Vote Finance Committee in a vain attempt to convince them to keep funding UNIT, the Doctor investigates the mystery of five missing people. Each of the five people had the same address in their telephone books — a health clinic in a country manor house. The Doctor approaches the receptionist, asking for a meeting with Doctor Dantalion, but the receptionist only agrees when the Doctor mentions the amount he's willing to pay and the fact that he has no close relations.
As the Daleks mass their time fleet for a final assault on Gallifrey, something ancient is waiting for them at Omega One. And a sacrifice must be made.
As the Doctor and Martha contemplate visiting the Millennium Dome, they are caught up in an alien burglary of a high street bank. The four-fingered, four-armed, green humanoid  creatures, disguised with stockings over their heads, escape in a waiting van.
As the Doctor drinks tea in a café, he notices a woman staring at him. She asks him if he's "Jeremy", and when she learns he isn't, she tells him her story.
As the Doctor is doing some housecleaning, he comes across a digital video advertisement for the Christmas Corporation. As he and Adric watch the ad, he remembers that he meant to investigate the corporation. They head for the North Pole.
As the Doctor prepares for his upcoming demise, he beds down in an unusual location.
As the Doctor sits fishing off of a beach of an island in Pacific Ocean, he suddenly come under gunfire. Waving a white flag, he is taken prisoner by a lone Japanese soldier, Fuji. Although at first the Doctor thinks World War II has ended, he soon learns that this is not the case when the next morning he witnesses a Japanese airplane shooting an American plane that goes down over the island.
As the Time War rages, Cardinal Ollistra of Gallifrey seeks to create ever more dangerous weapons to deploy against the enemy.
As the decade in English history which attracts the greatest quantity of alien invasions per annum, the 1970s are not the easiest time in which to steer the great British ship of state. The Prime Minister, nonetheless, is doing the very best job he can. Still, at least he has UNIT to rely on – their eccentric, bouffant-haired scientific adviser in particular. Or does he?
As the full force of the Time War crashes down around the Doctor and his friends, a desperate battle for survival ensues.
As the newly-regenerated Twelfth Doctor arrives on our TV screens, Puffin are publishing the twelfth installment in its sensational series of Doctor Who eShorts! With 11 previous stories by some of the most exciting names in children's fiction, this Twelfth Doctor ebook is written by bestselling US author Holly Black.
As the trial of the Doctor continues, evidence is presented showing his most recent adventure - where he faces an old adversary, Sil. As a scientist conducts his unethical experiments to prolong the life of Sil's boss Kiv, the Doctor's memory of the events begins to return... and an unpleasant surprise awaits him.
As they slowly recover from the shock of being thrown to the TARDIS floor, the Doctor, Susan, Ian and Barbara all seem to be acting strangely. Unexplained events occur and suspicions are raised that an alien force may have entered the ship. The Doctor even accuses Ian and Barbara of sabotage.
As trouble brews on the space trading colony of Iceworld, the Doctor and Mel encounter their sometimes-ally Sabalom Glitz - and a new friend who goes by "Ace".
Astronomical navigation is a tricky business. To help Adric with his studies, the Doctor sets course for Gallius Ultima – a planet on the edge of the Milky Way, housing one of the most impressive observatories ever constructed.
At Spaceport One, a huge leisure and shopping complex on the outskirts of Dorfnan City, the Eleventh Doctor stays in the TARDIS. Amy Pond and Rory Williams have some free time to explore. Rory heads off for the gadget stores and Amy finds a bakery with a large reptilian alien serving behind the counter. Amy comes to the rescue of a small boy, (Paulus) whom the Reptilodon baker accuses of having stolen a doughnut. The boy had been seen running out of a back room, having got bored waiting in the queue – and the baker had found a doughnut missing. Another shopper leaps to the baker's defence and says that not all Reptilodons are invaders. Some are just trying to make a living. She even threatens to report Paulus to the Judoon authorities!
At UNIT headquarters, the Brigadier and the Third Doctor are discussing the virtues of pop music. The Brigadier dismisses the modern music to which the Doctor is listening. He expresses a preference for Bing Crosby, Frank Sinatra and Vera Lynn. The Doctor, however, chides the Brigadier for not examining the effect of music on the youth of Britain.
At Wenley Moor nuclear research facility, they're experiencing technical difficulties. The source is something old, the former rulers of the Earth, and they have awoken.
At a birthday party for children on Earth, Punch and Judy have got the children really excited. The "puppets" aren't puppets, they are alien Punchellion, using Harvester Pods on the hypnotised children capturing their mental energy to charge up their psych batteries. However, they take on too much energy and the neuron drive on their spacecraft blows and rips a hole in time and space.
At a school attended by young boys, strange events are occurring. The masters never show up to teach class, but the boys don't think it's strange. The school itself is an architectural impossibility, but the boys don't take note of this, either. And lately, something has been visiting the school.
At a war zone in Turmezistan where American, Chinese, and Russian armies are about to meet, a 5,000-year-old pyramid stands. It's very strange, but one thing raises the suspicions of the United Nations: it just appeared overnight. The aliens inside claim that humans would cause the death of all life on Earth. Soon, the Twelfth Doctor, Bill and Nardole are facing an invasion the likes of which they have never seen before. Before they invade, the aliens need the permission of humanity.
At last, the cult 1970s horror anthology Doctor Demonic's Tales of Terror is set for release on DVD, complete with a commentary from director Martin Ashcroft, leading actors Sir Jack Merrivale and Johanna Bourke, plus the film's historical adviser — the mysterious "Dr John Smith"!
At the Cauldron Clinic in Los Angeles (2012), Doctor Cauldron is about to treat a group of people with his cure for the common cold. Among the group is Rory Williams, who befriends undercover reporter Harmony. She is investigating the fact that people leave cold-free but different. An hour later  the Doctor and Amy Pond greet Rory. Amy is suspicious when Rory tells her that the cold (he didn't have) has gone and they should go home and put their feet up in front of the telly.
At the Doctor's request, Sergeant Benton is investigating ghosts and missing people in Kettering, while undercover as a local councillor.
At the Drop Zone Asteroid the low-level comfort field telepathically creates a monster in the ball-pit!
At the Highgate Cemetery, Jess Collins is calling for Dave, who is not answering. To her shock, however, she is met by an unseen menace.
At the New New Scotland Yard, police are dealing with fanatics firing their way out of the HQ. One of the group, a female, is knocked out by the arrival of the TARDIS. The Doctor uses his psychic paper to identify himself to the police as Detective Inspector John Smith with Sergeant Donna Noble from Moon Division.
At the galaxy's most exclusive casino and criminal haunt – the Trans-Vegas casino – the Doctor joins the notorious slave-dealer Hubert Crimp at the card table. Hubert is on a winning streak and soon wins all the money at the table until the Doctor joins the game. Meanwhile, Amy, in a brand new evening dress, is in the hold of Hubert's ship, releasing all twelve alien slaves. They thankfully escape the ship and wait for the Doctor to return them all home.
At the heart of the ruined city of Arcopolis is the Fortress. It's a brutal structure placed here by one of the sides in a devastating intergalactic war that's long ended. Fifteen years ago, the entire population of the planet was killed in an instant by the weapon housed deep in the heart of the Fortress. Now only the ghosts remain.
At the market planet of Feltzmodo 12, where every kind of fruit and vegetable is for sale, the Doctor is surprised to find a banana. The banana is a fruit that should not be growing anywhere in the Universe at this time. He takes Amy to the Earth of the future; it has been ravaged by solar storms that have lasted hundreds of years. Norway has become a desert after the solar flares atomised the oceans and boiled the glaciers to steam within minutes.
Athens, 421 BC. An ancient civilisation of philosophers and poets and the birthplace of theatre. The Doctor has decided to show Ace and Hector how it all began, with help from the great comedian Aristophanes.
Avast, ye scurvies!
Axatil & the DoctorLinda Grainger and her grandfather Edward Grainger are visiting Edward's old friend, Commander Guy Oliver, and are taking a tour of his submarine. Oliver receives orders to investigate a crashed ship in the ocean, and there is no time to bring Linda and Edward back home first. Edward offers his help, which Oliver accepts.
Axatil & the DoctorSusan and the Doctor are on the run. They have taken a TARDIS that was in long-term storage. The console room is dark, but the Doctor manages to set them in flight. He then figures out how to turn on the instrument lights, and levels the TARDIS' flight. After Susan finds the room's lights, they discover the room has other features besides the console: the double doors through which they entered, an alcove with a fault locator, a scanner, and another door, presumably leading to the rest of the ship. Susan wants to explore now, but the Doctor cautions her to wait.
Axatil & the DoctorTwo children playing hide and seek use the TARDIS as a hiding place and, while exploring, accidentally become stowaways on the ship.
Babylon in the year 905 BC is where the Eleventh Doctor and Amy Pond find themselves. The Doctor is curious when he spots the town's astronomer, Urtaki, updating his charts to include new stars! A new constellation has appeared in the sky — the locals have named it the Gryphon.
Banquo Manor — scene of a gruesome murder a hundred years ago. Now history is about to repeat itself.
Barbara Wright and Ian Chesterton, two humble teachers during 1963, are surprised by a bright student named Susan Foreman. Confused by the contradictions in Susan's knowledge, Barbara had decided to visit her home, only to learn that the address on record is a junkyard. She and Ian decide to wait at the location until Susan or her grandfather show up. There, they discover a junkyard inhabited by her grandfather, simply known as "the Doctor", and he doesn't want them lurking about.
Barbara Wright has been having attacks for over a year; she calls them "episodes". She sees things, and feels pain and other sensations vividly. Sometimes she passes out.
Bart Addison is sitting in his office afternoon when a stranger enters. The man claims to have lost his memory, and thinks he was brainwashed or hypnotised. He does remember that he needs to find a cylinder of some importance. Addison suggests he check his wallet. The man searches through his pockets, bringing out dozens of items, but no wallet. Addison has an idea.
Bath, 1756 – and a very dashing gentleman known only as the Doctor is newly arrived in town, accompanied by his lady friends Mrs Clarke and Mrs Ramon. He’s created a stir among the gentlefolk of Georgian high society – and a stir in the heart of merry widow Mrs Theodosia Middlemint, rumour has it.
Beep the Meep is back — and he's found a new channel for his aggression! A brand new series is about to make television history, but can the Doctor prevent his furry foe from turning a docu-drama into a crisis, or will the fluffy-wuffy animals get it in the neck? The first shots in the ratings war have been fired, and the next one is aimed at your head...
Beep the Meep is freed on parole after fifteen years of incarceration for his crimes. The Black Sun drive with which he enslaved people has been removed from his ship. Beep returns to Blackcastle, Earth, where he had crashed years before and hidden away a spare drive.
Before Totter's Yard, before Ian Chesterton and Barbara Wright, before the Chameleon Circuit was broken... the Doctor and Susan travelled alone.
Believing himself to be safe in his panic room in the Palace of Gorm on the planet Arabia, the Emperor reaches a new level of panic when the TARDIS materialises and the Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams emerge. The Emperor immediately orders his head of security, Bocwar, to be beheaded. In the ensuring chaos a huge green dragon-like serpent appears and towers over them. The Doctor encourages the Emperor out of hiding, and explains they are holograms and part of the panic room's defences. Bocwar is saved much to his own surprise as the Doctor explains the serpent is a panic creature that has been feeding off of the Emperor's fears. Amy has been preparing a chill-out zone for the Emperor with soothing drinks (and nibbles) called for. As the Emperor calms down and starts to relax the panic creatures threats are ignored and it finally finds itself shrinking down in size until it is able to be picked up by the Doctor and placed safely in an urn until the Doctor can take it somewhere peaceful. A more relaxed Emperor is so impressed by Bocwar's "holograms" that he offers him a raise.
Bella and Saul are walking down the hill. Bella picks a daisy and sings, "He loves me, he loves me not..." Saul chides her for trying to prove that daisies have petal numbers in line with the Fibonnaci sequence, as it has already been proven.
Ben Anderson is a travel writer sailing around the world on the Neptune. He spends much of his time with the crew, especially engineer Vincent.
Ben exits the TARDIS into a darkened world. He beckons for Polly and the Second Doctor to join him. Gradually, as light is literally thrown onto their environs, the Doctor deduces they are in the tomb of Pharaoh Tut-Ankh-Amen, the boy king whose rich tomb survived unmolested into the 20th century. The two companions marvel at the riches around them. Polly suggests that they take some of the gold-plated excess back with them in the TARDIS. Ben agrees, but the Doctor most forcefully counters their suggestions of theft. As they argue, they hear actual grave robbers entering the tomb. Disappointed, the Doctor realises they can't be in Tut's tomb, since it was never plundered. Still, he wants to find out what these robbers are up to, even though his two companions are ready to leave before they get killed by the raiders.
Ben, Polly, and Jamie wander the hallways of the TARDIS, exploring the hallways with the newly arrived Jamie. Eventually, the trio arrives at a smooth, metallic door that opens with a large amount of exertion from Jamie. Entering the room, the three find themselves in a secondary control room. Excitedly looking around, Polly discovers a Ouija board in a chest in the room, and gets Ben and Jamie to join her, despite some misgivings from Ben.
Beneath a deep ocean, the time-travellers are brought aboard a giant, walking robot. The robot is, in truth, a pirate-operated craft used by two insane inventors to plunder surface ships of their wealth. The First Doctor fights to free the slaves aboard the robots, and to overthrow its sinister operators.
Benny is frustrated by Brax's tacky Christmas decorations. She would rather not go to the Christmas party, but Jason insists she should go, as he will be there too.
Betty is an old lady who hasn't been feeling very well recently. She lives alone with her new stray dog Pookie for company. When she ventures out to the shops on her way to get her hair done before Mary's birthday, she is stopped by the Doctor posing as an RSPCA representative. He tells her that Pookie isn't a Yorkshire terrier. Pookie is a large, purple creature, a parasitic Kera-Bera Beast stranded on Earth and feeding off of Betty's life energy, projecting the illusion that he is a dog.
Bill and her friends rent an old house to live in, but the floorboards and the walls are creaking, and there's a creepy Landlord lurking around. Can the Twelfth Doctor save the day as creatures come crawling out of the wood?
Bletchley Park. Britain's most secret weapon in the Second World War.
Bliss used to be a paradise planet. The Galápagos Islands of space. But when the TARDIS brings the Doctor, Ace and Hex to Bliss, it's been over-run with ironweed plants, and the air is heavy with the stench of burnt silk and static electricity.
Boarding a Nostalgia Tours bus, the Doctor and Mel go for a holiday. They will soon learn that their fellow passenger Delta is a Chimeron Queen, fleeing from the Bannermen who wish to make her species extinct. Thus, the time travellers' trip to Shangri-La turns into a battle against genocide...
Bored of not having any adventures lately, the Doctor and Amy get a bit more than they asked for when they set out on one. Landing in London 2012, there's only one piece of advice that can help them now: Whatever you do—don't blink!
Brachinnen wakes up, locked in his room. He remembers that the Doctor will soon be here, so he uses the spare key that he has obtained to sneak out. However, there are time shifts, and Ferrix finds him, drugs him and locks him back in his room.
Brad Travers finds himself telling a story to a young man about the first time he killed a man. For an instant, as he tells the story, the man seems somehow familiar to him.
Briarwood House. As a jazz party preoccupies the English upper-crust, the Doctor and Josie discover a terrifying secret below stairs — the servants are beginning to sprout branches! When the forests of Briarwood besiege the house, the Doctor must uncover an ancient ritual and the truth behind an interdimensional sacrifice!
Brighton, Sussex, 1936
Britain is at war. Night after night the Luftwaffe are bombing London. A serial killer dubbed the Limehouse Lurker is stalking the rubble-strewn streets. But a deadlier threat falls from the sky in the shape of a sinister silver sphere...
Britain. The height of the Roman occupation. The Doctor has brought Leela to ancient Norfolk to learn about her ancestors...but has not idea how much education she is going to get.
Brockley and Campbell are having their annual Christmas party during a particularly cold and snowy winter. Jasmine Deering and her husband Shep enjoy the festivities. Jasmine notices a strange man at the party whom she had seen earlier at the diner.
But the land of Elbyon might just prove him to be wrong. It is a place, populated by creatures of fantasy, where myth and legend rule. Elves and dwarves live in harmony with mankind, wizards wield arcane powers and armoured knights battle monstrous dragons.
Calcutta, 1926. The Doctor and his companions join an expedition to locate the fabled emerald tiger — a legendary marvel shrouded in myth and mystery. They must journey to an unexplored lost world filled with wonder and wickedness.
Calibris. The spaceport planet where anything goes. Where anyone who doesn't want to be found can be lost, and where everything has its price. Where betentacled gangster Gully holds sway at the smugglers' tavern, Vagabond's Reach.
Canvey Island has been hit by tragedy in 1953. First, Marjory Kennedy and her unborn baby were murdered. Then the island was hit by a flood.
Captain Mike Yates is investigating the disappearance of artefacts from an archaeological site deep below Dunstanton Lake. It's hardly a job for UNIT. But when the team discover a mysterious ancient structure buried deep underwater, all that changes.
Captured in a time corridor, the Doctor and his companions are forced to land on 20th century Earth, diverted by the Doctor's oldest enemy - the Daleks. It is here the true purpose of the time corridor becomes apparent: after ninety years of imprisonment, Davros, the ruthless creator of the Daleks, is to be liberated to assist in the resurrection of his army.
Cardinal Ollistra exploits the War Doctor’s affection for Earth to send him to East Berlin, 1961, on the trail of a Dalek agent. Lara Zannis has breached the planet’s quantum shield on a very special mission for the Dalek Time Strategist.
Cardinal Ollistra has a new tactic to persuade the Doctor to join his people’s fight. With his friends locked away, he has been conscripted alongside fellow Gallifreyans to train for the front lines of battle.
Cardinal Ollistra has plans for New York, plans which involve the Deputy Mayor and her sponsor, one 'Reverend Mortimer' – better known to the Doctor as the Meddling Monk. The Eleven arrives to stamp out the resistance, but that isn't the only danger the Doctor finds lurking in the shadows – for New York is a city of Weeping Angels.
Carsus: the largest repository of knowledge in the universe — in any universe, for there is an infinite number of potential universes; or rather, there should be. So why are there now just 117,863? And why, every so often, does another one just wink out of existence?
Cast adrift in his own chronology, the Doctor must avert the consequences of a catastrophic experiment in using time as a weapon of war.
Castle Extremis - whoever holds it can control the provinces either side that have been at war for centuries. Now the castle is about to play host to the signing of a peace treaty. But as  the Doctor and  Martha find out, not everyone wants the war to end.
Catherine Tate reads this exclusive thrilling story, in which the Doctor and Donna take on a race of dangerous bloodsucking aliens 
Catherine is trapped, living moments of her life over and over. She can choose which moments she relives, but she can't alter them, no matter how hard she tries.
Caught at the edge of the temporal wave caused by the Dalek's use of the Time Destructor, the TARDIS is damaged, forcing the Doctor to land on Rontan 9 to find mercury to repair the fluid links. Finding that Rontan 9 has also been affected by the Dalek weapon, the Doctor saves a group of scientists from the time distortions that have ravaged the planet. Finding some mercury on the way, the Doctor takes the scientists to his TARDIS, intending to find them a new home.
Caught in the inevitable path of its own history, the TARDIS arrives on the planetoid Grace Alone, where the Doctor, Steven and Oliver expect to face their fate. What they don't expect to find is a massacred crew — and a race of alien invaders known as the Vardans.
Cerberin: the famous storm world. Seen from space, it’s a spectacle of light and colour that draws tourists in their thousands.
Ceres. A tiny, unforgiving ball of ice and rock hanging between Mars and Jupiter.  It's no place to live, and it takes a special kind of person to work there.
Chaos strikes when the Doctor and Gabriella Gonzalez attempt to do their laundry aboard the TARDIS!
Charged with genocide by the treacherous Valeyard at his trial, the Doctor receives help from an unlikely source to turn the tide of the High Council's rulings in his favour and reveal the Valeyard as a wrongdoer- the Master. For the Valeyard's own crimes are so atrocious, even the Doctor's archenemy will help him to ensure that the villain won't see the light of day again. Cornered, the Valeyard flees to the Matrix, where he can be the Doctor's judge, jury and executioner...
Charley Pollard's innocent request to meet a historical hero seems the easiest thing for a friend with a time and space machine to make happen. But as Charley and the Doctor seek out the Victorian explorer, they uncover a sinister scheme to unravel Earth's future by affecting its past. But where in its history was the deed done? And is it already too late to put right?
Charley falls asleep while reading a book in the TARDIS. When she wakes she is surprised to discover  she is no longer on board the TARDIS, but an airship. Wandering around the ship, Charley finds a bar filled with people. Talking to the bartender, she learns the passengers are all on a journey. While awaiting the Doctor's arrival, she  talks to people. Each tells the story of how they came aboard the airship. Charley comes to understand that all of the passengers have been removed from their own timelines to protect the Web of Time.
Charley learns a lot about the Doctor when she visits the family of a dead hero.
Chased by a huge robot that is trying to kill them with powerful energy bolts from its arms, the Eleventh Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams are trying to confuse the damaged robot with facts and derail its programming. Finally as they are trapped on a rooftop — the Doctor's plan appears to have worked just in time. The robot starts to feel less cross. Peacefully displaying signs of the trivia bug, it dispenses non-stop trivia. With the robot pacified, the three travellers leave.
Chasing a metallic object through the Time Vortex, the Ninth Doctor and his companion, Rose Tyler, arrive in London during the Blitz. While Rose meets "Captain Jack Harkness", the dashing Time Agent responsible for bringing the object, the Doctor finds a group of homeless children terrorised by Jamie, an "empty" child wearing a gas mask.
China in the year 620, and a robotic dragon in the sky is terrifying the local villagers.
China, 1800, and the Doctor, Jamie and Zoe arrive at the English Trade Concession in Canton.
Chloe and Arthur own a bed and breakfast, but they haven't had any guests in years. Their house is surrounded by fog, and every night at midnight they die.
Christmas  Day in 2011 and Gabriel is waiting to open his presents. He had been up since 4:45 a.m. and waits to wake his parents at 6:30.
Christmas 1851, and Cybermen stalk Victorian London. The Tenth Doctor discovers a spate of mysterious deaths, and he's surprised to meet another Doctor! Are two Doctors enough to stop the rise of the CyberKing?
Christmas 2010: Jo Grant finds herself stuck in a department store elevator with an alien creature called Huxley.
Christmas Eve in the year 3060 and the planet Puxatornee is home to a prosperous human colony.
Christmas Eve, 1938. Madge Arwell comes to the aid of an injured Spaceman Angel, the Eleventh Doctor, who promises to repay her kindness – all she has to do is make a wish. Three years later, Madge escapes war-torn London with her two children for a dilapidated house in Dorset. Crippled with grief at the news her husband has been lost over the English Channel, she wishes to give her children the best Christmas ever. The Arwells are greeted by the Doctor, who acts as their madcap caretaker. However, a mysterious Christmas gift from him leads them into a wintry, magical world. Madge must learn how to be braver than she ever thought possible... and that wishes can come true.
Christmas is a time for family, they say — which is why the Doctor has invited his grand-daughter Susan and great-grandson Alex for Christmas dinner in his time and space machine. But who, or what, is the spectre at their yuletide feast?
Cindy Wu joins the Doctor and Gabby aboard the TARDIS... but is there a ghost lurking in its depths?
Cindy and Gabby have a falling out after Gabby's homecoming — as an ancient artefact from the centre of the universe, a rogue Black Ops organisation, and a secret auction conspire to cause galaxy-shattering chaos!
Civilisations rise and fall – and few planets have seen this happen more often than Amyryndaa. The Doctor, Jamie and Victoria join a survey team to find out why on the planet where everything is suited to creating life, nothing lives for long...
Clara Morgan sends her children, Tommy and Mary, off to school. They meet up with their cousin, Ralph, and the other children for the long walk to school. On the way, they are surprised to see a man jump over a hedge into the lane. He is followed by Mr Wesley, the mill owner, who chases the stranger but cannot keep up. He comes back and yells at the children before returning to the mill.
Clara Oswald is in for one Christmas Eve that she's never going to forget. Reunited with the Twelfth Doctor, she faces what could possibly be her last Christmas.
Clara Oswald wakes a groggy Doctor with breakfast in bed, telling him that it's his birthday, but things aren't right. He and Clara live in an ordinary house, he has an office, and Clara is preparing well-cooked food for his birthday party. In the Doctor's office, however, is something resembling the TARDIS, which the Doctor vaguely remembers. Out shopping for items, he meets people who are strangely familiar to him — Sarah Jane Smith and the Brigadier, Tegan, Nyssa and Adric, Steven Taylor and Dodo Chaplet, and starts to realise that things are not right. The shops themselves are stocked with curious items such as Adipose and Cybermen, and then the Doctor encounters a band of old adversaries who all ask him for help. Back "home", when he arrives, the Doctor's friends celebrate his birthday. They present him with presents — his fob watch, the TARDIS key, psychic paper and the sonic screwdriver. These items allow him to break free of the mental projection caused by a Trylonian Brain Drain machine. The Trylonians want to drain the Doctor's mind of knowledge of the alien species he's encountered to advance their plans of conquest. Recalling all his previous incarnations, the Doctor overloads the Trylonian battle computer. Surrounded, the Doctor and Clara prepare to fight the monsters, protect their friends and save the planet — just what they always do, in fact.
Clara Oswald wants to see something awesome, so the Eleventh Doctor whisks her off to the inhabited rings of the planet Akhaten, where the Festival of Offerings is in full swing. Clara meets the young Queen of Years as the pilgrims and natives ready for the ceremony. But something is stirring in the pyramid, and a sacrifice will be demanded.
Clara and the Eleventh Doctor arrive at the haunted Caliburn House, set alone on a desolate moor. Within its walls, a ghost-hunting professor and a gifted empathic psychic are searching for the Witch of the Well. Her apparition appears throughout the history of the building, but is she really a ghost? And what is chasing her?
Clara gives the Doctor a hat that says "Kiss me quick, squeeze me slowly", but he doesn't get it. She wants him to take her to Blackpool, her home. The TARDIS materialises, but outside is a jungle. This is Blackpool in 2089. Everything is overgrown. They spot a herd of donkeys. Suddenly, one is hit with a jagged silver disc. The Doctor pulls it out and sonics the wound, naming the donkey Meghan. Another disc misses his foot. They run to the water and the Doctor points out a window in a guest house where the discs are coming from. They run under the pier and circle around the guest house.
Clara is late for work and hopes to use the TARDIS to resolve the issue, but the Doctor has other plans...
Clara is offered the chance to choose the next destination for herself and the Twelfth Doctor. They go and meet the English folk hero Robin Hood, much to the Doctor's disbelief in the existence of someone who's supposed to be a mere folk tale story. Travelling through Sherwood Forest in 1190, they soon realise that something is amiss, as the cruel Sheriff of Nottingham and his malevolent robot knights set in motion a plot that could rewrite the course of history for the worst.
Close to the year five billion, on the planet Fraxinos, Natalie Sharrocks is attacked by a Chelonian. It accuses her of destroying a Chelonian breeding planet, but how is that possible? Natalie's been at the Body Bank for the past year. Can Natalie discover the truth? It seems, not without the Doctor...
Colliding with the full force of the Time War, the Doctor crash-lands on a jungle world with a ragtag band of refugees.
Come to Ricosta! Tropical climate, untouched beaches, fabulous cuisine... and no extradition treaties. The perfect retirement planet for a certain type of "business person" — such as Ms Melanie Bush, formerly the co-owner of the Iceworld emporium, now on the run from her former criminal associate's criminal associates...
Comic Preview from DWM 344. Illustration by Mike Collins.Comic preview from DWM 346. Illustration by Mike Collins.Comic preview from DWM 348 Illustration by Trevor Baxendale.The solar system is being spring-cleaned, to improve its feng shui and attract big business back to the long-abandoned seat of Earth's empire. Celebrity decoratiste Aristotle Halcyon is heading the campaign of controlled demolition. Having swept away the Asteroid Belt and the Oort Cloud, he now plans to make Jupiter more aesthetically pleasing by removing scores of "unnecessary" moons.
Comic preview from DWM 324. Illustration by Mike Collins.Comic preview from DWM 326. Illustration by Mike Collins.Comic Preview from DWM 329. Illustration by Mike Collins."I think time and space just fell apart."
Comic preview from DWM 333. Illustration by Mike Collins.Comic preview from DWM 336. Illustration by Mike Collins.Comic preview from DWM 338. Illustration by Mike Collins."To lose one set of memories may be regarded as a misfortune. To lose two smacks of carelessness."
Coming up after the break, the start of a new series of programmes featuring the mysterious traveller in Time and Space known only as — the Doctor.
Companion Liz Shaw, exasperated by his attitudes, has decided to say goodbye to the Third Doctor. A new story by Paul Cornell, author of Doctor Who: The New Adventures novel Revelation. Illustration by Paul Vyse.
Concealed in the sands of the Sahara Desert, a camel-like alien capable of whipping up a sandstorm waits ready to invade...
Constable Sharpless is on patrol one night when he encounters a man carrying a large rectangular package. The man is singing, and Sharpless warns him to behave himself. Before the man walks off, he shows the painting he is carrying to Sharpless, and claims it is a Reubens.
Craig Owens is having enough trouble trying to care for his child. The last thing he needed was the return of his old friend, the Doctor. And it looks like he's not alone; trouble seems to have once again followed the Doctor to Colchester, with a silvery shine.
Crashing into the sea after travelling through space, a seed pod gets caught in nets of the research ship Deep Ocean 7. Not only has the pod found water but food in the net. Months later in Las Vegas the Tenth Doctor and Heather are visiting Deep Ocean. It is a fully functioning experimental biosphere, the size of Luxembourg, built underground and open to the public.
Culbano, one of the People of the Trees, is tending the shrine of his people's Great Ones. He is shot and killed by Zusala, who steals the three idols. As she climbs down from the tree, she drops one and is unable to retrieve it. She hopes that Aulian Thorolis, for whom she stole the idols, will accept just the two.
Curses and tombs, revenge from beyond the grave — and Dick Turpin!
Cut off from the TARDIS, the Doctor and Leela find themselves stranded on a small island.  But they are not alone.  It is 1907, and members of the Caversham Society have gathered on the hundredth anniversary of the death of Mannering Caversham, the greatest Magic Lanternist who ever lived.
Danny and Abby slowly make their way downstairs, trying not to wake their parents so that they can open their Christmas presents. Danny is content that he has gotten a new skateboard. Danny is about to open another box, hoping that he will get a Zentrabot. Before they get to open the box, a weird man bursts into their houses. This man is The Doctor, and is warning them about opening the present, as it will end them both. Danny and Abby are confused and a bit scared about this man wearing a Christmas hat, and scanning the box with unknown contents. He also claims he landed 30 years in their future and saw Danny's children (twins). A hand bursts out, and soon the whole body appears. It's a Zentrabot, but not a friendly toy. They resort to running out of the house, and out of danger.
Dark Space 8 — an advanced monitoring station floating serenely among the stars. Its crew — a dedicated and highly-skilled group of professionals, calmly going about their vital work. Its mission — to boldly host the Intergalactic Song Contest.
Darkheart: a faded neutron star surrounded by dead planets. But there is life on one of these icy rocks — the last enclave of the Earth Empire, frozen in the image of another time. As the rest of the galaxy enjoys the fruits of the fledgling Federation, these isolated imperials, bound to obey a forgotten ideal, harbour a dark obsession.
Dave, Eddie and Gavin are on night watch at MacDonald, O'Brien and Withers, and as usual there is nothing happening. Gavin sends the other two on their rounds.
David Gilligan has broken into a family's home, having watched them leave the house on their way to a relative's home for Christmas. While he is in an upstairs bedroom, he hears the family return, as the snow has made the roads impassible.
Dead. He was dead. How the hell was she supposed to do CPR on a man with two hearts?
Death's Head, who was sent flying through the Vortex, collides with the TARDIS. The TARDIS and Death's Head both land on an uninhabited moon. The Doctor gets out of the TARDIS and notes that, since he collided with something (Death's Head) in the Vortex, a Time Warden should appear. Sure enough, one does appear, and begins questioning the Doctor. Death's Head recovers, now standing at his full 30 feet height. The Time Warden gets skittish and leaves, telling the Doctor to deal with it on his own. Death's Head picks up the Doctor in his hand. After some quick negotiating, the Doctor is able to escape Death's Head's grasp and retrieves The Master's Tissue Compression Eliminator, which the Doctor confiscated inside his TARDIS. He boasts Death's Head with it. Death's Head does not shrink down to microscopic size like the Doctor planned, but rather shrinks down to the same size as the Doctor. He then attempts to kill the Doctor, who ducks under a swing from Death's Head's mace, and begins running just as the Time Warden reappeared. The Time Warden is again scared off by Death's Head, who is now pursuing the Doctor deeper into the moon. The Doctor realises that he cannot combat Death's Head, and offers the TARDIS to Death's Head in exchange for keeping his life. Death's Head agrees, and enters the TARDIS with the Doctor. The Doctor distracts Death's Head long enough to get to the controls and operate the teleporter. He succeeds, and Death's Head is teleported to the 81st century, just as the Time Warden reappears.
Debbie and Richard are watching a movie and eating popcorn. They hear a noise behind them, and turn to see a large insect eating another moviegoer. They turn back to the movie.
Decades ago, the mysterious time-travelling Doctor and his cheerful companion Mel became the toast of the planet Prosper, when they brokered a peace between the native Mogera and humans from the colony ship The Duke of Milan.
December 2004
Deciding he needs to top up his tan, the Tenth Doctor takes Martha Jones to the planet of Maught — a dry and dusty planet rich in natural resources, but where its scarcity makes water more precious than gold. The Doctor had heard that this intergalactic colony outpost is near a long lost underground stream, but that might just be the stuff of legends.
Decky's newly acquired space-bug pets travel in the TARDIS with the side effect of accelerated evolution which causes trouble in Dubai
Decky's shape-shifting belt goes on the blink and causes havoc after he takes a swim in a pool of lemonade.
Deep in Antarctica, a 1950s ambulance trapped in the ice is about to be recovered. The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams arrive too late to stop them opening the back doors. From the ambulance emerges a huge creature of fire, a Shard determined to exact revenge on the Doctor who imprisoned him and then destroy worlds.
Deep in the North Sea in March 1942, a submarine is in trouble. It has been hijacked by one of the crew, who has locked the other crew out of the control room. While the others attempt to gain entrance, the Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams arrive in the TARDIS inside the bridge. The Doctor flashes psychic paper and identifies himself as Commander Bond from naval intelligence.
Deep in the gap between the stars, the TARDIS is damaged by a temporal mine. It's not life-threatening, but the Tenth Doctor will need a while to repair the damage. But he's not alone. The strangely familiar-looking Christina thinks the Doctor has arrived in her bed and breakfast, somewhere in Wales. In fact, the TARDIS seems to have enveloped Christina's entire town — and something else is trapped inside with it. A violent, unnatural storm threatens them all and — unless it's stopped — the entire universe.
Deep in the heart of old Europe, the village of Vadhoc awaits the coming of a mythical teller of magical tales – but not all such stories end happily, the TARDIS travellers discover.
Deep in the mines of Epsilon Minima, Professor Bernice Summerfield is up to her neck in it — as usual. The Countess Venhella has hired her to recover a lost Time Lord artefact: a TARDIS key, it turns out. Guess whose?
Deep space in the distant future, and Captain Greeg and his crew are hunting mile-long Space Whales on a vast harvesting ship. By pure accident, they also capture the TARDIS.
Deffry Vale High School is haunted by strange, bat-like creatures at night. When the Tenth Doctor investigates, he finds an old friend, Sarah Jane Smith, already working undercover.
Deimos, moon of Mars — where Lord Slaadek's plans to revive the ancient Ice Warrior civilisation hang by a thread. Only the Doctor can stop him... but an old enemy, hiding in the catacombs, has an alternative plan, one that will test the Doctor's heroism to its limits. Just how far will the Doctor go to prevent the destruction and resurrection of Mars — on a day when his friends become enemies, and his enemies have right on their side?
Dekker is a private eye, an honest one. But when Al Capone hires him to investigate a new joint called "Doc's", he knows this is one job he can't refuse. And just why are the Doctor and Ace selling illegal booze in a town full of murderous gangsters?
Delthea is an elected government official on her planet. When she was a child, she learned her people's legendary stories about the Protector and the demons, the Boggle-Eyed Demon and his primitive servant, that destroyed it.
Devika Cullen and Rick Attah descend from the Lovell Platform in the Genetrix probe to the surface of Venus. They stop a few dozen kilometres above the surface and wait for the atmospheric sifters to collect data on the atmosphere. All of a sudden, the probe pitches and begins to fall. There is a power drain to the systems, and they can't raise the platform on the comms. There is a banging on the cockpit door, and it opens to reveal the Twelfth Doctor and Clara. The Doctor tells them to get in the TARDIS, but Devika says they can't leave the valuable data and equipment on the Genetrix.
Do you remember the '80s? The Rubik's cube... Duran Duran ... deelyboppers ... and the Cuddlesomes — pink vampire hamsters, the must-have toy of twenty-three Christmases ago.
Doctor Elehri Mussurana has spent a lifetime on her work. She's guarded her pet project close to her chest, letting only one person share her secret - her husband and lab partner Ernst Wharner. As their experiment reaches its final, glorious fruition, they watch in awe as sparks fly in a sealed chamber and specks of sapphire light begin to join together into a shining haze. A wormhole in time and space is being created...But then something unexpected appears inside the swirling vortex: a tall blue box with the words 'POLICE PUBLIC CALL BOX' on the side. The TARDIS has arrived in the far future, in a scientific research facility - just as reality is ripped at the seams and the universe tears in two...
Dodo and the Doctor land on a planet that seems to be in an advanced state of decay. It smells bad, it oozes, and it looks rotten. The Doctor tries to get her interested in her surroundings, but she can't understand why he has come here.
Donna Noble has never been lucky in love.
Donna Noble is back home in London, catching up with her family and generally giving them all the gossip about her journeys. Her grandfather is especially overjoyed — he's discovered a new star and had it named after him. He takes the Tenth Doctor, as his special guest, to the naming ceremony.
Donna Noble is determined to find the Tenth Doctor again — even if it means braving the villainous Miss Foster. But when the alien threat escalates out of control, can Donna find her Time Lord before the march of the Adipose begins at last?
Donna has been on many great and similar adventures...
Dorsill: a group of islands shrouded in fog, the community facing economic ruin and struggling to survive.
Dowcra base. The third Elite Sontaran Assassination Squad closes in on its target. A dozen trained killers, but even they will be unable to bring down the invincible Strang...
Dr Colem Litchen of the Landaluze Corporation is giving a presentation at a university, asking for funds to help him continue his research on the Dalek invasion of Malite. He gives the audience a brief summary of what the researchers think happened on Malite, hoping to interest them enough that they will fund his research.
Dr Merrivale Carr, the finest detective in 1920s England, is preparing to wrap up another investigation with the help of his young assistant, Henry Ransom. Strange murders are occurring at Lord Farthingale's. Dr Merrivale suspects hostess Glenda Neil. A visitor to the house known as the Doctor suspects an invisible alien. The pair, along with the Doctor's faithful companion Rose Tyler, must join forces to discover the truth.
Dr Sandra Urtiman is the team leader of the UrtiCorp Project at station XZ49. She is very proud of her team and her accomplishments. None of her staff has been poached for the last six years.
Dr Verryman has devoted his life to the advancement of knowledge. When his experiments on a remote planet threaten the entire human race only the Doctor can help — if he puts his mind to it.
Dr Who encounters one of the most notorious characters from the past as he journeys through time to solve the great Historical Mysteries...
Dr Who has been contacted by the Minister of Defence, Oswald Holland. He asks the Doctor to go to Haylock-on-Sea in Devon, where a film crew has vanished while filming archaeologists.
Dr.. Harris is a juror in the trial of a man named Dr. Foreman, who is accused of the murder of a young girl named Roberta Sampson.
Drawn off-course, the TARDIS passes through a CVE into a closed universe – a hugely improbable event with a tragically obvious cause. In order to escape inescapable E-Space, the Doctor, Nyssa, Tegan and Turlough are forced to venture in the wilds of planet Alzarius.
Drawn together from a variety of sources, the materials reproduced here pertain to Double Falsehood - which purported to be a version of Shakespeare' play Cardenio. Unfortunately the only source for the final newspaper article is incomplete in the British Library.
During a North Sea military exercise, the crew of the destroyer HMS Nemesis detect what they suspect is a submarine following them. But it’s actually a futuristic ship with an alien occupant, Arianda.
During a battle, Brac's ship is about to crash onto a planet. He gives in to the urge to eject, only after noting his ship will destroy a nearby building.
During a visit to a local diner, the Tenth Doctor stumbles upon a mysterious alien artefact that leads him on a mission to rescue Rivesh Mantilax from the threat of the Viperox and the clutches of the American military.
During an escape from the Daleks on Skaro, the TARDIS' space-time locator is damaged. The Doctor cannot accurately pilot the TARDIS. He is happy when it lands and decides to rest for the night before exploring his new surroundings.
During one of Nyssa's experiments, the TARDIS' temporal scanner picks up a message: "Idra". Just one word, but enough to draw the Doctor to the Archipelago of Sirius.
During the building of the Empire State Building in 1930s New York City,  the Cult of Skaro continues their attempts to destroy humanity and reign supreme.
Eager for solitude away from the TARDIS and the endlessly inquisitive Leela, the Doctor steps out onto a benign-looking planet. But the apparent tranquillity hides a terrifying secret...
Earth Alliance, the future… Fleet commanders receive their orders from the President of Earth. Operation Far is "go". As soon as the planets are suitably aligned, the attack will go ahead.
Earth has been invaded. Twice. Thousands of years ago by a race searching for a new power source. More recently by the galactic marauders known as the Cat-People, who intend to continue the work done by the earlier visitors, with devastating results.
Earth's President is returning to Earth in a sub-orbital jet that is hit by a "lightning bolt". It renders everyone unconscious. The President is teleported from the jet onto a mock-up jet in space, where the Doctor is waiting for her.
Earth, 1965. On a former Sontaran timeship orbiting the planet, Captain Gol Clutha has just obtained an important package that she and her crew will be paid heavily for.
Earth, 1974. An innocent phone call. Okay, it was a wrong number, but there can't be any harm in that. Can there?
Earth, England, Christmas is ruined for the Hopley family when Violet Hopley is kidnapped by Extron, who is being hunted by the Doctor. With an innocent family dragged into a battle that he started, the Doctor is determined to rescue Violet and stop Extron's evil schemes.
Earth, in the far future: the fearsome Neutron Knights, led by the bloodthirsty warlord Catavolcus, descend on the inner sanctum of the fortress of a king and his few remaining defenders. The king's wizard summons the Doctor and his TARDIS via mental control. The wizard reveals to the Doctor the heart of the inner sanctum, a colossal fission reactor called the Dragon, which the Neutron Knights intend to possess. The wizard sets the Dragon to overload, hoping to consume the enemy in the ensuing explosion, while the king and his men escape in the TARDIS, but the Neutron Knights storm the sanctum.
Earth. The late 20th century. Across the world, the mobile phone is gaining popularity as more and more people decide to join the digital age. But for the residents of a sleepy English town sitting in the shade of a new transmission mast, that ubiquity has a troubling cost.
Easter Island, 1842. Horace Stockwood, eminent archaeologist, has stolen a stone tablet sacred to the islanders. He escapes into the open sea, but massive, sinister stone figures are lining the cliff tops, watching him go...
Edgar Allan Poe has been invited by two friends, Doctors Parsons and Wolffson, to attend a séance at the house of Mr R. The other guests are the Doctor, Ian, Barbara, Colonel Caine, Mrs Allardyce and her ward Abigail.
Edinburgh, 1759.
Edinburgh, 1827.
Edward Grainger has been asked to meet a representative of the British government. The man, who calls himself "the Professor", recruits Edward for a mission to occupied Manchuria in China. There, they infiltrate the Zhong Ma camp, where Edward learns from the Doctor that the camp is used by the Japanese for the purpose of experimenting on humans. Edward and the Professor are here to rescue Mai Ling, an old friend of Edward's.
Edward Grainger has been summoned to West Berlin on a secret mission. He is told that he must discover the location of a missing research scientist and his team. The scientist just happens to be Edward's old friend George Tremayne, who had courted Eleanor Grainger for six months before she chose Edward.
Edward Grainger has joined three other men, Carter, Ambrose and Bryce Convey, in a search for the tomb of Qin Shi Huangdi in China. They are helped by a peasant family of four. Edward is attracted to Mai Ling, one of the peasants.
Edward Grainger is a student at Denby prep school. He is bullied by two older students, Digby and Lillis, who haven't actually hurt him (yet), but he is terrified of them.
Edward Grainger is in West Berlin, waiting for a man named Stempfer to cross over from East Berlin. When a man approaches, Edward and the men with him aren't sure it is Stempfer. The man is shot before he crosses the border, but Edward briefly crosses to drag him into West Berlin. The man calls himself the Doctor and says he thinks he killed Stempfer.
Edward Grainger sits in a restaurant across the street from the New York Supplementary Education Institute, which he is investigating. He sees three people outside the building. Two enter, and the other one, noticing that Edward is watching them, enters the restaurant and sits with Edward. Though Edward doesn't know it yet, he is the Doctor.
Edwin Carver is on the run. He has been shot, and he is making his way through the desert away from the Black Pyramid. A sandstorm gives him a little cover, but he soon finds himself right back at the Black Pyramid. He knows he is dying, but he must keep the scarab he is holding from falling into the men's hands. He buries himself in a sand dune and dies.
Egypt, quite a while ago: The Doctor has decided to take a holiday...which means that something's bound to ruin it for him!
Eight slash Q Panenka, a craggy comet with a 13km circumference, has an elliptical orbit that takes it between Earth and Jupiter. Which, in the year 2329, makes it a cheap means of space freight — the second class postal service of the solar system.
Eight university students are exploring caves. Deep in a wet part of the cave, they find an artefact with intricate patterns on it. One of the students, Laura Ainsell, touches the artefact. She can't remove her hand, and suddenly a shape begins to appear above the artefact.
Eighty-two-year-old Sewa Singh lives on the Moon with his nineteen year old lover, Bernadette Franklin. Four months ago the artificial world Kuppam was destroyed resulting in the death of more than fifty thousand people. Sewa was responsible for the bearings' quality control and is blamed by the Earth authorities for the deaths. 
Eleanor Woods is in hospital because she occasionally passes out. When she does, she seems to find herself in a very strange place. The other patients in the ward have the same condition, and one by one they have fallen into comas.
Elizabeth Klein is an anomaly, a renegade from an alternate future in which the Nazis won World War II. To get to know his latest companion, the Doctor invites Klein to tell him how exactly she came to be in possession of his TARDIS and of the events that led to her trip into the past to Colditz Castle.
Elvis the King Spaceport has grown into the sprawling city-state of New Memphis — an urban jungle, where organised crime is rife. But the launch of the new Terminal 13 hasn't been as smooth as expected. And things are about to get worse... When the Doctor arrives, he finds the whole terminal locked down. The notorious Invisible Assassin is at work again, and the Judoon troopers sent to catch him will stop at nothing to complete their mission. With the assassin loose on the mean streets of New Memphis, the Doctor is forced into a strange alliance. Together with teenage private eye Nikki and a ruthless Judoon Commander, the Doctor soon discovers that things are even more complicated — and dangerous — than he first thought...
Emily Rutherford and Tom Charrington meet with a representative of Separation Day Incorporated to arrange their Separation Day. As their respective IQs differ by more than fifty points, they are not allowed to marry or have children. Separation Day Incorporated will provide for them the perfect place for them to make their farewells.
Emily and her sisters once told each other fables of warring kingdoms: wicked princes, noble dukes, and their battling armies. Now she wanders the moors of her childhood alone, remembering those tales. The TARDIS arrives amid a strange civil war, with prisons made of glass and cities stalked by terrifying beasts. As windows open between worlds, stories and storyteller meet, and Rose comes face to face with Emily Brontë.
Enemies unite to defeat the Doctor.
England in the 1920s.
England in the late 22nd century is slowly recovering from the devastation that followed the Daleks' invasion. The Doctor's very first travelling companion — his granddaughter, Susan — is where he left her, helping to rebuild Earth for the survivors. But danger still remains all around...
England, 1400. Winter. Blood in the snow. Henry IV has usurped the throne, and deposed King Richard II languishes in Pomfret Castle.
England, 1887. The secret library of St John the Beheaded has been robbed. The thief has taken forbidden books which tell of mythical beasts and gateways to other worlds. Only one team can be trusted to solve the crime: Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson.
England, 1999: the Sixth Doctor and Mel have come to London to celebrate the new year with old friends — and to heal old wounds. But others are making more sinister preparations to usher in the new millennium. A software house is about to run a program that will change the fabric of reality. And an entity older than the universe is soon to be reborn.
Enjoying all the fun of a funfair on a Saturday in summer (hot dogs, chips, ice cream, candyfloss, ring toss, merry-go-round, dodgems, test your weight, duck hook and coconut shies) the Tenth Doctor and Rose split up – the Doctor heading to the water-slide and Rose the ghost train. While going through the train ride, Rose is sure she spots a Slitheen, but when she tries to go back her way is blocked by the operator a burly moustached man in a cap, who informs her that the ride is now closed for the night.
Enter, with the Doctor, Anji and Fitz, an Empire where the laws of physics are quite preposterous — nothing can travel faster than the speed of light and time travel is impossible.
Equipped with space suits, golf clubs, and a flag, the Doctor and Rose are planning to live it up, Apollo mission-style, on the Moon. But the TARDIS has other plans, landing them instead in a village on the south coast of England; a picture-postcard sort of place where nothing much happens. Until now...
Escaping from one battle and straight into another, the Doctor and his companion, Catherine, find themselves on a far-flung world where time travellers are persecuted as witches and warlocks by the Holy Inquisition. The Doctor is arrested, his only hope of escape being Cat. But she has demons of her own to face, and as the Doctor starts to realise exactly what is happening, so time rapidly starts to slip away, both for him and Cat.
Escaping from the Speardroids, the Doctor, to convince Rose that their landings aren't cursed, selects their next destination using the randomiser ("satnav by lucky dip"). Unfortunately their destination is the 13th moon of the 13th planet of the 13th galaxy, on the 13th day of the 13th year in the 13th century... a Friday! They are struck by lightning, rained on by cats and meet the Triskaidekaphobes, the unluckiest people in the whole of creation, pilgrims trapped on this moon.
Ettyn Rraxhimi is the speaker at a dinner party in the capital city of the Democratic Republic. Among those in attendance are Isaac, who is having an affair with Ettyn's wife Mila, and the Sixth Doctor. Unknown to the humans, a crew of earwigs are also in attendance, recording the dinner party for the programme Land of the Eagles. Shogsten Vumm is the boom operator.
Europa, designed by lunatics a thousand years in the future, is a resurrected Europe that lives in an imaginary past.
Every Christmas morning, Ana sneaks out with her donkey to visit her father's grave. She prefers to spend this time alone with him. One Christmas, she encounters an elderly woman and a man with a scarf. She thinks the woman might be her grandmother. The two watch her for a bit, then enter a blue tomb which then disappears.
Every time the lights go out, someone dies...
Everyone has a purpose and everyone has a meaning to life, but what is the Doctor's purpose? Ever since he left his homeworld of Gallifrey, the Doctor has been drifting through Time. But now, it's time to face what he has become, because today, the Doctor returns home to face his past... and his present... and possibly his future.
Exotron (A Three-Part Story)
Expecting the TARDIS to arrive at Christmas 2009, Rose Tyler is delighted to find it's spring in Perfect Paris. It's all there: shopping, people watching, sight seeing at the Louvre, croissants and hot chocolate, chips and ketchup and mime artists bearing flowers.
Expecting to find himself at Baz's Easy Diner on the eastern desert of Agrellian Thaxis, the Tenth Doctor finds himself instead arriving inside a biodome in space. Modified (and carnivorous) plants grow fast in light — even the light from the sonic screwdriver.
Far in the distant future, Earth has become uninhabitable, forcing mankind to colonise first Mars and then Pluto. No longer the coldest planet in the solar system, Pluto is now warmed by artificial suns. The Doctor, Leela and K9 arrive to discover the exploitation of the Megropolis people by the ruling elite, lead by the Collector.
Far out in space, on the ragged edges of  Earth's bloated empire, an elite unit of soldiers is on a training mission. But deep in the heart of the hollowed-out planetoid that forms their battleground, a chilling secret waits to be discovered: ten alien corpses, frozen in time at the moment of violent, bloody death.
February 1974 is grimmer than usual for the British. Huddling together by candlelight the nation endures regular power cuts, however the situation is far worse for one old woman. Out of the dark come visitors who know of her terrible burden of wartime secrets. All she fought to save is threatened. Whom can she trust? The troubled ghosts which plague her, a young man who has befriended her, or her new carer Lucie and her strange friend, The Doctor?
February, 1944: France is occupied by the Third Reich, the French Gestapo has an iron grip and the native resistance attempts to overthrow the invaders. On one quiet winter's night, a British plane crashes to the ground, leaving a flying officer desperate to escape via the evasion lines.
Felix is alone in his wine shop save for one customer, Thrasyllus, advisor of Tiberius. Felix appreciates his business, but fears the association with someone so heavily involved in Roman politics. A stranger, introducing himself as the Doctor, visits the wine shop, and he drinks wine with Felix.
Fey and Izzy return the Doctor to Gallifrey, where he enters the Matrix to save himself. When an Academy dropout takes an unhealthy interest in him, the Doctor and his companions are lured into a society that threatens the existence of Gallifrey... and Rassilon himself.
Fifty-two people across the world in eleven different time zones die at the exact same time. The only connection: they all have ATMOS installed in their vehicles. Martha Jones, now a UNIT medic, summons the Tenth Doctor back to modern-day Earth to help figure out why, but an old enemy lies in wait...
Finally admitting that the TARDIS food machine is in need of more than a few adjustments, the Tenth Doctor takes Rose to a steak joint he knows on Phijax IV. Armed with an umbrella, the Doctor and Rose step out to non-stop rain and very low gravity, only to find themselves standing in an arena, where they are expected to fight for their survival or be eaten by the Glutonoid (a giant purple blob with an excitable appetite for flesh).
Finally, the Sixth Doctor challenges Charlotte Pollard to tell him the truth. Who is she really? What is she doing in the TARDIS?
Finding the fourth segment of the Key to Time was simple enough, but holding onto it may be another matter. The Doctor and Romana I find themselves embroiled in the political games of the planet Tara, where doubles, android or otherwise, complicate the coronation of Prince Reynart.
Finding themselves guests of the Galaxy Games, the Doctor enters John as a competing athlete representing the planet Earth. But a rival team, the Klondites, are ready to take any measures to prevent John winning the title for earth.
Five survivors of an unknown catastrophe wake to find themselves caught in an inescapable trap. But can the strangely-dressed man with the question-marked collar work out what's really going on before time runs out — for good?
Five years ago, Sam Jones was just a schoolgirl from Shoreditch. Of course, that was before she met up with the Doctor and found out that her entire life had been stage-managed by a time-travelling voodoo cult. Funny how things turn out, isn't it?
Five years ago, Sarah Jane Smith and the Third Doctor visited Calderon IV and met the android maker, whom they defeated in an hour and a half. The Doctor left a signal device behind in case they were needed again.
Flashing his psychic paper, the Eleventh Doctor passes off Amy Pond, Rory Williams and himself as passengers aboard a cruise ship on the planet Ockora. Marvelling at the aquatic life that rises above the sea waves, the Doctor is horrified to find the "passengers" suddenly firing, with the ship's owner, Arix, offering a hundred-credit bonus to whoever gets the biggest catch!
Fleeing a doomed space station in tiny life capsules, the Doctor and Compassion find themselves prisoners of Parallel 59, a militaristic power on the planet Skale. Meanwhile Fitz finds himself apparently safe in Mechta, a colony for convalescents.
Flora Millrace has been using her job as composer at a television station to detect disturbances in time. She uses the scores from television programmes to pinpoint the location of these time bubbles, then she takes her equipment to the site and eliminates them.
Following a tour group, the Doctor and Peri arrive on Heaven, located on the planet Sheol in the Ramshorn Spiral. As the party makes its way through the highly-commercialised afterlife, the Doctor becomes increasingly angry at the inaccurate commentary given by the guide, St Albans; annoyed by his loud and opinionated comments, St Albans hands her group over to the Doctor and promptly storms off.
Following a trace, the Doctor and Rose stop off at Terry's Café. A diner feasts on the chef's special "Fried Death". Growing ever more bloated, the diner eats to bursting. He reveals himself a Gastronaut, a race like Russian dolls, with a new body growing inside another, existing only to feed the next version. They are a race with tremendous appetites.
Following an emergency landing, the TARDIS arrives on a remote world orbiting a peculiar star – a pulsar which exerts an enormous gravitational force, strong enough to warp time.
Following the Doctor's regeneration into a new, younger body, the TARDIS lands at an Earth colony on the planet Vulcan in the far future. Mistaken for an official Earth Examiner, the Doctor discovers that a scientist called Lesterson is attempting to reactivate three inanimate Daleks found in a crashed space rocket. The colonists refuse to heed the Doctor's dire warnings that the Daleks are dangerous. Once reactivated, the Daleks secretly begin to reproduce themselves in a bid to seize control of the Earth colony.
Following the devastating loss of Izzy Sinclair, the Eighth Doctor goes to a bar to drown his sorrows. The apparently human bartender, who introduces himself as "Bish", is in reality Frobisher, the Sixth and Seventh Doctors' shapeshifting travelling companion.  Neither person is aware of the other's physical transformation, so they chat with the freedom of two strangers. In the process of the conversation, both work out some personal issues.  The Doctor leaves, newly energised and ready to return to his life of adventuring and helping others. The two former companions part company, neither aware of whom the other truly was.
Following the recent encounter with the Dæmons, the Doctor is called by Conran to visit the Master in his cell at Aylesbury Grange, UNIT's special detention centre. The Master tries to persuade the Doctor he has reformed, but it is a ploy. The Master escapes his cell using a simple ionic image controlled hologram. The Master believes he has escaped, but runs into the Doctor and UNIT, who are waiting for him. The Doctor has his own ionic image controller. Overmatched again, the Master is returned to his cell.
For 47.63 years the Vromyx and the Garynth have been at war for possession of the super-weapon data thought to be contained on the library planet Biblios. Although the robot librarians of Biblios have repeatedly told the Vromyx and Garynth that the library has no data on weapons, the warring species refuse to end their war or move it elsewhere.
For Amy Pond's first trip in the TARDIS, the Eleventh Doctor brings his new companion to the 29th century, where all of the United Kingdom's citizens (apart from the Scottish) live onboard Starship UK, searching for a new home amongst the stars as the Earth is being roasted by solar flares. However, the Doctor soon finds something amiss onboard the vessel. The citizens appear to fear "the smiling fellows in the booths" and ignore crying children. What is going on? What secrets does Starship UK hold at its depths, and who is hiding them? Soon, the Doctor is forced to make an impossible choice. No matter what he chooses, death is the only outcome.
For Donna Noble, the Andromeda galaxy is a long, long way from home. But, even two and a half million light years from Earth, some things never change...
For a hundred years, Brox has been travelling alone in space. His mission to find alien life has failed, his ship (the Warm Welcome) is coming to the end of its life and the engines are failing. A trillion light years away on the other side of the galaxy, the Doctor and Amy gaze in wonder at a number of mini-wormholes appearing in space. The Doctor believes them caused temporarily by a breakdown of an engine-core.
For many years the civilised, Roman-like society on Demeter has been the subject of vicious attacks by their warlike neighbouring inhabitants on Bellus. As a Bellan-manufactured tornado swirls towards the city the Doctor decides the time has come for drastic actions.
For over fifteen years the crew of Kollo-Zarnista Mining Facility 27 has been extracting diamonds from deep within the atmosphere of Saturn, diamonds that help to fund the ever-expanding Human Empire. But when a mining operation goes wrong, a rescue mission must be launched to save a worker lost overboard, a worker who claims that he has seen something amongst the swirling clouds. Something that can't possibly exist.
For the first time in more than 500 years, the Doctor finds himself with companions Amy Pond and Rory, at the Intergalactic Trials in the year 2412, with a poor view stuck behind a pillar in the huge stadium. Surprised by the Galapogans' success in the games, he decides to take a closer look, suspecting something isn't quite right. "Invading" the pitch to meet the team, and persuading them to pose for a photo the Doctor uses his sonic screwdriver to perform a scan and discovers the Galapogans' muscles have been enhanced with the illegal drug mediphosphide. The secret of their games success revealed, they try to stop the Doctor and Rory exposing them but Amy manages to alert the Trials Task Force. The authorities arrive in time to save the Doctor and Rory, and the Galapogan team is arrested and disqualified. As a reward for his intervention the travellers are rewarded with seats and refreshments in the royal box with a great view and comfy chairs.
For the last few years, at Christmas time, the Merrison family has been visited by something that each year takes away one of their children. Only David, who is wheelchair-bound, is left, and his parents have become distant. 
For their first trip with Mickey, the Tenth Doctor and Rose end up on a space ship in the future that contains several portals to pre-Revolutionary France. When he steps through one of these portals, shaped like a fireplace, the Doctor discovers the even greater mystery of actual, romantic love.
For two days in 1943, Sgt Brett Cooper has been walking the Australian outback. Hungry and thirsty, he begins to see things like a pool of water and the Doctor, whom he believes is another figment of his imagination.
For two weeks now it has been the same message again and again, and it's getting stronger; death and destruction, the end of all things, Armageddon.
Forbidden to continue travelling the universe by his own people, the Time Lords, and exiled to Earth in the late 20th century, the newly regenerated Doctor arrives in Oxley Woods accompanied by a shower of mysterious meteorites. Investigating the occurrence is the United Nations Intelligence Taskforce (UNIT for short), an organisation which had previously been associated with the Doctor during the Cybermen's invasion.
Ford's Theatre, Washington. Friday, 14th April, 1865. The assassination of Abraham Lincoln.
Four "teenage" aliens are camped out in the ruins on the third moon of the planet Callicial for a dare. Their mood is one of excitement, fear and suspicion as they wait out the night in the hope of seeing (and capturing photographic evidence), of the ghosts believed to haunt the moon and the reason for it not being properly colonised.
Four years after his involvement in the Hundred Day War, the Eighth Doctor returns to the city of Cherenkov, where he defeated the brutal dictator Jeremiah Maru-Stahl. By showing the medal he was awarded for his actions, he ensures that one of the offworld casualties is added to a memorial.
Fragrance is a paradise world — a utopia that the travellers are loathe to leave after a relaxing stay. But the way of life is different here.
France, the year 1770: by special invitation, the famous "Doctor", friend of Voltaire, arrives at the lonely estate of the lovely Marquise de Rimdelle – once a hostess to the highest of high society, now isolated by the strange, pernicious mist that lingers round the countryside.
Freedom fighters from the 22nd Century attempt to thwart a new Dalek invasion of Earth, by going back in time to the 1970s to assassinate Sir Reginald Styles, a delegate to the second World Peace Conference, whose actions their history blames for the subsequent Dalek conquest.
Fresh from their adventures in Las Vegas, the Doctor and Clara are eager for a change of scenery, but their next destination aboard the TARDIS will prove a SHOCKING change of pace!
Freshly regenerated and with a new head full of unanswered questions, the Doctor whisks Clara Oswald away to a strange and distant world.
Frobisher, detective extraordinaire, finds himself on his biggest case yet, pursuing the bounty on a man known as the Doctor...
From space, Posadise looks a beautiful planet with two large rings around it. However, the Posadians are an untidy race. They leave the planet's unique weather system, a system that involves huge sandstorms, to collect up all the discarded rubbish and take it into the upper atmosphere to form the two rings (along with several fairly large asteroids). 
From the outer reaches of the Solar System, alien eyes are surveying the Earth. Eyes as cold and cruel as the methane ice that shrouds their distant world...
From time to time, everybody makes mistakes. Everybody has things from their past they'd like to undo, but nobody gets a second chance. What's done is done and we can't change that.
Funworld was set to be the happiest planet in the galaxy. A planet of joy, of euphoria, of laughter and delight. Except construction was marred by reports of a predator and then, a few days before opening, all communication ceased.
Future Britain is bankrupt, its corporate owners facing financial ruin. Fortunately, the Universal Monetary Fund, and its slimy representative Sil, are willing to give its President a multi-billion credit bail-out... but terms and conditions apply, and Sil's proposed austerity measures go far beyond mere benefit cuts.
Gabby and the Doctor are back in New York after a terrifying excursion into the past, catching up with family and friends... until THE ECHO strikes, amplifying everyday noise into ear-shattering, mind-splinteringly debilitating waves of sound. What is the Echo – and can the Doctor and Gabby solve the mystery before the cacophany drives the city mad?
Gabriella Gonzalez is stuck in a dead-end job in her family's New York Laundromat, dreaming of college and bigger, better and brighter things.
Galen is a place where people come to heal. The renowned "planet of peace" seems the ideal venue for talks between two warring races. But when death disrupts the diplomacy, Cosmic Nine news reporter Adriana Jarsdel uncovers a different story. Luckily, someone is there to help. A battle-weary veteran from another war. The Doctor has come to Galen – but is he looking for peace, or something else entirely?
Games teacher Pippa helps the Doctor when an Easter Egg hunt turns nasty with the arrival of Astro-raptor eggs land and hatch.
Genesis III, a supercomputer, brings the Fourth Doctor and his companions to Space Station Alpha. It plans to use the TARDIS to gain dominion over the universe in a miniaturised form. Meanwhile, Adric must venture through a war zone the size of an atom...
Germany, 1589: the townspeople of Cologne, Germany pronounce a sentence of death on a mass-murderer who has stalked the countryside in the guise of a ferocious wolf.
Gertie used to travel with the Doctor. A long time ago. She knows she will see him again on September 26th... she just doesn't now what year. Each year she waits and tells her grandchild stories of time and space but he's getting older now and Gertie is becoming impatient. Will the Doctor ever come back?
Ghosts are appearing in the halls as a war machine is primed for devastation.
Glavis Judd: Protector of the galaxy or interstellar tyrant? Unscrupulous reporter Dexel Dynes doesn't care. He's only after a sensational story — the more violent the better.
Grimmon, a Jezark, has crash-landed on Earth. Though he survived, his craft is a wreck. As he surveys the area around him, he is approached by two natives. They react in fear at the sight of him and throw their spears at him. He is unharmed and shoots them with his blaster. He explores the nearby area and looks down on the city of Athens.
Hallowe'en 1938.
Hamlet, thou hast thy father much offended.
Harry Sullivan.
Harry's cover teacher is acting weird. On Christmas day there is a present for him from the Doctor. Harry goes to town and meets a man who gives him the key to his present. Harry also meets a women named Martha, who gives him a bottle of Aroma, a mixture that can stop the aliens. Harry sprays Aroma on an alien. He unlocks the TARDIS and sees an alien battle. Harry, Martha and the Doctor have to defeat Harry's cover teacher, who is really an alien with a cow's head and snakes coming out where her eyes are supposed to be.
Have you ever longed to climb aboard the TARDIS and enter another dimension? Meet the Doctor and join him in outwitting his enemies? Well, now's your chance! All you need is a pair of dice, a pencil, a little bit of luck and all your wits about you. Ready Nigga? 
Have you ever longed to climb aboard the TARDIS and enter another dimension? Meet the Doctor and join him in outwitting his enemies? Well, now's your chance! All you need is a pair of dice, a pencil, a little bit of luck and all your wits about you. Ready?
Having already split up, the Eleventh Doctor and Amy Pond are chasing a Heyvaaley through the streets of San Francisco in 1985 towards Rory Williams. The Heyvaalay is an intelligent life form which, appearing as a rainbow, bounces down the street making a trail of holes in the road before disappearing into an arcade.
Having escaped an ambush by pirates, the Doctor and Vicki are stranded on a strange world, in the shadow of vast rock formations and islands in the sky. The only way home is through the treacherous Etherlands, where the invisible Ether alters the perception of anyone who enters...
Having failed to land on the planet Shantella Prime and getting soaked by a passing car when she opened the door, Rose challenges the Doctor to explain the TARDIS console switches. After pressing the wraparound hologram switch and the Galactic lotto draw switch, they press the in-flight stereo system, which the Doctor had absent-mindedly swapped for a micromodulator switch. It shrinks them.
Having just defeated the Krotons, the Sixth Doctor is treating Charley to a hearty English breakfast, when an intriguing mystery suddenly presents itself. And to solve it, they must plunge back into the criminal underbelly of Manchester, where an old friend is up to her neck in alien trouble.
Having overshot their destination a bit, the Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams arrive in London 2064 and find the city in flames. On the scanner they witness the Bumble, a giant furry creature with a large mane of hair, causing havoc and chaos – buses are crushed and buildings torn down in flames. Outside they find the watching crowds laughing and its not long before Amy and Rory are too. It's Rory that notices that the Bumble is moulting like a cat. It's the hairs that are causing a laughing attack. The Doctor leads Amy and Rory away where they fill bin bags with cooking oil which they manage to drop on the Bumble from the roof of a still standing building. As the oil covers the fur and slows the creature down, the crowds turn on the Bumble, and it is not long before the Bumble is safely taken away by helicopter to be looked after and regularly shaved.
Having promised her father, an old friend, the Doctor takes Milena for a trip in the TARDIS. The ship lands and she believes it's her own world, Xenon, but the Doctor thinks the Time Lords might have put them elsewhere. They appear to be on an asteroid, several miles wide, on the outskirts of Xenon's solar system. Milena asks to explore, and they put on oxygen suits. While the Doctor notes the rock appears to be cooled lava, Milena falls and breaks her oxya-suit, almost suffering from oxygen starvation before the Doctor hurries her back to the TARDIS.
Having rescued Davros from his creations on Skaro in his TARDIS, the Doctor offers him an army of Daleks, with the possibility that they be lifted from their obsession with mindless universal domination.
Having returned Arnold to his own time, the Doctor tries to help return a crashed time machine piloted by Tobias Philby to Earth in the 19th century. However, they become embroiled in World War I.
Having saved a forest from flooding on the planet Guzan the The Doctor and Decky Flamboon are waved goodbye by the native creatures only to be shook around in the TARDIS as something seems to be moving it. The Doctor bangs his head and awakes a few hours later with Decky explaining that the shaking stopped after a while but instead the TARDIS (lying on its side) has become full of random, brightly coloured giant objects. Trying to find away across to the console they are startled by an armed soldier — a toy soldier complete with a pull string. Elsewhere on the planet Guzan, Reethe (a giant orange native youngster), is playing in his room. With his mother's voice threatening to throw away any of his toys not tidied away, Reethe is looking very pleased with himself. On the floor of his room lies the TARDIS on its side, a wooden box big enough to hold (and hide), all his toys! Inside the Toybox the TARDIS has reached the control by making the soldier's pull string into a lasso to upright the TARDIS. With the flick of a lever all the toys are expelled from the TARDIS back into the youngster's bedroom... just as his mother walks in!
Having wandered off in an unknown spaceport, Rory Williams finds himself bagged up by the wealthy Fatkat Tygro Lix and handed over to this son as a present. Delighted that he has his very own human to play with, the boy plays with his new pet, whom he renames Cuddles and tucks up in his own bed.
He did not know if his powers could save him until the horses' hooves had crushed his ribs and his heart had stopped beating. After that, it was obvious.
He has no idea why Samantha Jones ran away from him.
He took up a firing stance, holding the thirty-eight out in front of him. "Mr Lennon?" he said.
Heathcliffe Bower is a frustrated Conservative politician. The former actor has been disappointed in his political ambitions and blames the Prime Minister, Margaret Thatcher. He makes plans to assassinate her.
Heather McCrimmon, a 19-year-old student in Edinburgh, goes ghost hunting. But she comes face to face with the apparition of her ancestors, and meets a man called the Doctor. But why is the alien Mozhatta attempting to murder Heather's family in the 19th century?... the Doctor is determind to find out that very question.
Helen Martin was guarding a time experiment at UNIT when she felt the world lurch. She knew it was the Third Doctor's fault, so she went to his building. Inside she saw the Brigadier and Liz Shaw, unmoving.
Helen Sinclair doesn't know what hit her. One moment she was trapped in a dead-end job in 1960s London, and now she is transported back to Renaissance Italy over three centuries before. Florence is a city in turmoil. A new plague stalks the streets. A ferocious behemoth rampages through the vineyards. And Galileo Galilei, celebrated scientist, astronomer and old friend of the Doctor, is imprisoned in his own villa for heresy.
Here's to crime, Doctor!
Heron's World, Coloney Ro 351. A defeated, desolate backwater world, a human settlement chewed up and spat out by the Eminence war.
Hex is dead. And a distraught Ace holds the Doctor responsible.
Hex is woken by the absence of the usual dematerialisation sound of the TARDIS. In the console room, the Doctor explains that, although they've materialised, the TARDIS thinks they're still in flight and won't dematerialise. Ace, half-awake, enters carrying a bottle of milk, but it's spoiled and she spills it, so she and Hex decide to look for breakfast. The Doctor stays behind to fix the TARDIS.
High atop Mount McKerry sits the observatory. For years now it's been watching the skies. Now something's watching back. Something dark and huge that blots out the stars. Something with giant wings. Something that kills.
History tells us that humanity will win the war against the Eminence. That Grand Administrator Walter Vincent will welcome home the sons and daughters of fighting and starvation.
Holly is taking a course on Dalek history. She has been given extracts from the diary of Natalie Fulton, a survivor of the Dalek attack on Manikis.
Hoping for the Chardaz Museum of Modern Art, the Seventh Doctor finds himself within a domed park-like area. Examining his map, he comes upon a large egg, from which hatches a small marsupial-like creature. Greeting it, he falls back in surprise when it uses its fiery breath to set fire to his map. Trying to get directions, the Doctor follows it, watching as it ages rapidly and uses its breath to bake a lump of mud into a brick. It carries the brick to a staircase — its steps constructed of such bricks — which spirals up to the roof of the dome. The staircase is also decorated with bones, which the Doctor discovers are from skeletons of the creature's own kind, all of which appear to have died from a high fall. Crying "heavenwards", the creature scampers up the staircase, the Doctor fearing that the TARDIS has arrived where he intended as he chases after it.
Hovering above the planet Koblos, the Doctor is surprised by what look like ghosts passing through the TARDIS. He soon learns that he has parked in an illegal time-zone. He is arrested by a Time Warden and put on trial. After being sentenced to two hundred fifty years in prison, the Doctor escapes with help from K9 and uncovers the Time Warden's plot to sell his TARDIS on the black market.
Hu Cheung has been sent by his abbot to the Walled City of Kowloon to find the Platinum Dragon. On the way, he is waylaid by a gang of thugs, led by his brother Hu Bak, who doesn't recognise Cheung. When Bak tries to kill Cheung, he is distracted by a voice projected by the Doctor. The gang runs away. The Doctor and Peri are also looking for the dragon. The Doctor explains that he trapped it here thousands of years ago, and he has to return every one hundred eight years to prevent its waking.
Huksley sends her report to Mollit, her contact at UniMedia Franchise Orbital, She returns to her flat on the planet Archimedes, to find the Seventh Doctor. She believes he has been sent by Unimedia to assist her and briefs him on her assignment. She is working on a story about Fountain Corporation's new process to negate the effects of ageing in humans. It is called the Fountain Programme. Huksley's exclusive highlights the fatalities that have recently occurred. They involve madness, frenzy and berserk rages.
Humanity is emerging from a long, exhausting war. Against an enemy so powerful, so implacable, it seemed unstoppable — right up until the moment it stopped.
Humans are being put in the freezer when the Abominable aliens turn the temperature down in a London invasion.
Hurrah! The deadly Daleks are back! Yes, those lovable tinpot tyrants have another plan to invade our world. Maybe this time because they want to drill to the Earth's core. Or maybe because they just feel like it.
Hyperville is 2013's top hi-tech 24 hour entertainment complex — a sprawling palace of fun under one massive roof. You can go shopping, or experience the excitement of Doomcastle, WinterZone, or Wild West World. But things are about to get a lot more exciting — and dangerous...
I am Prince Vlad III — son of Vlad the Great, and sovereign and ruler of Ungro-Wallachia and the duchies of Amlas and Fagaras.
I am being diminished, whittled away piece by piece. A man is the sum of his memories you know, a Time Lord even more so...
IT IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE TO COPY OR ATTEMPT TO COPY ANY PERSONALITY OR MEMORY-RELATED ARTICLE SHOWN OR DISPLAYED IN THIS PUBLIC THEATRE, INCLUDING THIS WARNING. PUNISHMENT OR CONVICTION IS AN UNLIMITED REDUCTION OF AUTHORISED OVERTIME HOURS AND TOTAL PERSONALITY REVISION. YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO BRING ANY JUKEBOX OR RECORDING EQUIPMENT INTO THIS PUBLIC THEATRE. THIS WILL BE TREATED AS AN ATTEMPT TO BREACH COPYRIGHT. ANY PERSON DOING SO CAN BE EJECTED AND THE EDITOR MAY CONFISCATE SUCH ARTICLES. WE ASK THE PUBLIC TO BE VIGILANT AGAINST ANY SUCH ACTIVITY AND REPORT ANY MATTERS AROUSING SUSPICION TO THEIR LOCAL CONSCIENCE. THANK YOU.
Ian and Susan are in the American west, and Ian is fighting a duel with Slim, who insulted Susan. Slim is very nervous and misses his shot, then he flinches when Ian tries to shoot past him and receives a hit to his ear.
Ian is dreaming of a car crash, with Barbara as the victim. When he wakes up, he finds himself in the TARDIS, which has materialised at an angle near the bottom of a ravine. The Doctor, Ian, Barbara and Vicki are all right except for minor injuries.
Ian is in a dungeon in Afghanistan in 1842 during the First Afghan War. The TARDIS crew had landed in Afghanistan during "one of the biggest disasters in military history". They had been captured by Gilzai tribesmen, and Barbara and Ian were sent to the British siege in Kabul. They were then evacuated with the other British under Akbar Khan's promise that they would have safe passage to Jalalabad. When the group was attacked and Ian was captured, he saw that the Doctor and Susan had rescued Barbara, and they were in Khan's custody.
Ibiza, 1997, and thousands of young people are acting like mindless zombies.
If an attack with nuclear weapons is expected, you will hear the air attack warning. If you are not at home, but can get there within two minutes, do so. If you are in the open, take cover in the nearest building. If you cannot reach a building, lie flat on the ground and cover your head and your hands.
If you remember the Sixties, they say, then you can't have been there.
If you’re reading this, it’s too late.
Illustrated preview from DWM 335 by Martin Geraghty.There's a ship out there, on the ocean.
Illustrated preview from DWM 340 by Roger Langridge.Illustrated preview from DWM 338 by Martin Geraghty.The Interzone is a fearsome nether-world protecting a zone ruled by the Kromon. Theirs is an arid land of dust and dying trees. Across the landscape are spheres that look like giant anthills. The Doctor believes that within one of these structures lie the clues that will lead him to his lost TARDIS.
Imagine a war. A war that has lasted centuries, a war which has transformed an entire planet into a desolate No Man's Land. A war where time itself is being used as a weapon.
Imagine a world where death has meaning, where God exists and faith is untested. Where people die with the purpose of their lives made clear to them in blissful understanding. Such a world exists, hidden on the far side of the universe where a battered blue police box has just faded into being...
Imogen Quaye is a patient at the Lashley Institute. She has had an operation to improve her brain capacity, and one of the researchers, Susan Colman, convinces her to keep a diary.
In 15th century France the time travellers encounter a band of soldiers protecting a mysterious young woman. Joan of Arc is troubled by voices, telling her things she should not know about: things concerning the Doctor's own people, the Time Lords. Compelled to discover where she is getting the information from, the Doctor and Clara are drawn into danger.
In 1856, a boy discovers he can speak with the voices of the dead. He grows up to become one of England's most celebrated spiritualists.
In 1893, the Eleventh Doctor's old friends, Vastra, Jenny Flint and Strax find an optogram of the Doctor on a victim of the mysterious "crimson horror". They head for Yorkshire, where Jenny infiltrates Mrs Winifred Gillyflower's community of Sweetville to find what has happened to him.
In 1920s London, the Doctor and Rose find themselves caught up in the hunt for a mysterious murderer. But not everything is what it seems. Secrets lie behind locked doors and inhuman killers roam the streets.
In 1926, Agatha Christie mysteriously disappears, only to be found ten days later at Harrogate Hotel with no memory of what happened to her. What could have been the cause? Was it a nervous breakdown? Was it a cry for help? Or did it involve a giant alien wasp and a mysterious stranger known only as the Doctor?
In 1929, Lord Barset's expedition to the Antarctic is lost without trace. Or so it seems...
In 1938 Los Angeles, the Doctor and Heather team up with a private detective to stop a powerful bomb known as the star bomb
In 1945, a strange new craze for Truth Tellers is sweeping the kids of small-town America. The Fifth Doctor and Nyssa soon arrive to investigate the phenomenon, only to discover that the actual truth behind the Truth Tellers is far more sinister than anyone could have imagined...
In 1970, the first men from the planet Earth land on the Moon. The two astronauts are dismayed to discover the Doctor's TARDIS. Going to investigate, they fall down a crevasse.
In 1983, the tensest point of the Cold War, a Soviet submarine discovers a strange creature frozen in the ice of the Arctic. When one of the Firebird's crew breaks it free, it starts attacking. As the crew strikes back, the Eleventh Doctor warns them that the attack could be considered a declaration of war on the entire Ice Warrior race...
In 19th century England, the Doctor finds himself facing two competing enemies: his old adversary, the Master, and the Rani, another Time Lord with a sinister plan. The local population is turning violent and unpredictable. With a major meeting of the brains of the Industrial Revolution due to happen in the village soon, the Doctor must work out what exactly is causing all the problems. Only the Doctor can stop the Master and the Rani's evil plans.
In 2044, a group of English gentlemen colonised Hekton and set up a society of Regency gentry. Unfortunately, they became fond of duelling and cruel sports — such as pursuing a hapless manservant on horseback with a pack of dogs, which is what Richard and Clive are doing when the TARDIS materialises, startling the horses. Doctor Who finds himself threatened and taken to their mansion for their amusement. Richard sets the first test: the Doctor must snatch three ball bearings from a table before Clive brings an axe down on his hand. The Doctor cheats by using a magnet, which the gentlemen applaud, but the real test will be to face Clive in a duel with pistols at dawn. However, as the duel is about to begin, the Quarks are watching and waiting to kill the Doctor if Clive fails.
In 2367, the Indian Space Agency is on high alert as an unidentified spaceship hurtles towards the Earth. The Eleventh Doctor assembles a team to investigate, including the legendary Queen Nefertiti, a big game hunter named Riddell, Amy, Rory... and Rory's father, Brian. Materialising aboard the mystery ship, they're surprised to find it populated by dinosaurs. With time running out before the ship is blasted out of the sky, the Doctor must confront a vicious criminal named Solomon, as the lives of his companions and the dinosaurs hang in the balance...
In Australia, Doctor French refuses to heed the Doctor's warnings his new radio wave accelerator could spell disaster for Earth as well as for the alien cultures he hopes to contact with it. With no option left, the Doctor resorts to sabotage, but is caught before he can render the accelerator inoperable. His fears are borne out when the accelerator is tested for the first time. The accelerated radio transmission causes disastrous disturbances in the weather on a global scale and leads to Doctor French's own death. However, the Doctor is more concerned about the fate of the planet that the transmission was directed at. Travelling to Morrax, he finds the world devastated and is taken prisoner by the surviving Morraxian people. The Morraxian leaders vow revenge on the people of Earth and dispatch a lethal missile with the Doctor trapped on board.
In England in 1913, school teacher John Smith experiences amazing dreams of living an incredible life as a mysterious adventurer called "the Doctor", fighting monsters and seeing far away worlds.
In Horror of the Space Snakes, people are mysteriously disappearing on Moonbase Laika. They return with strange bite marks and no idea where they have been. Can the Doctor get to the bottom of what's going on?
In Japan children are addicted to the new drink and TV show Goruda. A drink that makes them telepathic...and golden!
In London in 2012, the Tenth Doctor and Rose Tyler set off to see the Olympics, only to find terror in the most ordinary place.
In London, a demonic figure is searching young ladies on his quest for Morjanus. The Eighth Doctor is also there, trying to enjoy London's new night life, thriving with the invention of the gaslight. Something is hidden in London and the Doctor must find it before the city is consumed in fire...
In New York City in 2018, the Doctor and Heather uncover aliens working within the NYPD...
In Peru in 1911, explorer Hiram Bingham is in search of the lost city of Macchu Picchu. When he arrives, he is surprised to find The Doctor and Heather. They are attempting to cure temporal hiccups through the use of time holes.
In Prague, the Doctor meets Kája, a puppeteer whose fiancé, Dusan, is due to be executed by defenestration because he cut down a tree to make a puppet. Kája throws a life-size marionette off a bridge to get herself used to the idea of seeing him die. The Doctor, however, has an idea.
In Rain of Terror, terrible tiny creatures swarm down from the sky, intent on destroying everything on planet Xirrinda. As the colonists try to fight the alien infestation, the Doctor searches for the ancient secret weapon of the native Ulla people. Is it enough to save the day?
In Terminal of Despair, the TARDIS crew is quarantined in Terminal 4000, where the hideous Desponds have destroyed the hopes of all awaiting passengers. Can the Doctor and his friends help them escape without succumbing to despair themselves?
In Terrible Lizards, the Doctor and his companions join a group of explorers on a Victorian tramp steamer in the Florida Everglades. The explorers are searching for the Fountain of Youth, but neither they nor the treasure they seek are quite what they seem!
In The Underwater War, the Doctor and his companions are on-board the Cosmic Rover, a spaceship orbiting the water-planet Hydron. Joining the crew, they journey underwater on an apparently scientific exploration. But nothing is as it seems on the high-tech submarine. When a virus infects the crew, the Doctor discovers the ship is hiding a dangerous secret...
In The Web In Space, a distress signal calls the TARDIS to the Black Horizon, a spaceship under attack from the Empire of Eternal Victory. But the robotic scavengers are the least of the Doctor's worries. Something terrifying is waiting to trap him in space...
In Winter on Earth, the Doctor and Romana track Khapsis energy to a park, where they meet Rodney Barton, being mimicked by the energy. The Doctor tries to hypnotise him and learn information while Romana goes into the park, tracking the energy. Barton tells the Doctor about the beast that keeps everyone away from the park, and they follow Romana in. She tells the Doctor they need to leave because it's too dangerous. The Doctor sees she's not wearing her scarf and the image fades away. The water of the lake becomes a face and telepathically communicates with the Doctor. He tells it it's stolen the soul of the entire park, the trees and animals,  and will consume the city, goading it by insulting it's non-threatening appearance. It warps itself into a screech-owl and attack him as he throws his scarf at it, containing a piece of dwarf star alloy. Because it's so dense, the Khapsis energy compresses itself over and over again to mimic it, freeing Barton and Romana and being small enough to keep in a box. They drink mugs of tea before the Doctor and Romana leave. And the universe goes about its business.
In a Victorian Gothic mansion, strange things are afoot. The master of the house, away in Egypt, has been replaced by a sinister Egyptian. Cloth-wrapped mummies roam the grounds, killing people. Beneath a pyramid, the last of the Osirans — Sutekh the Destroyer — waits to be freed, to at long last bring his gift of death to all who live.
In a desolate Cornish landscape littered with relics of prehistoric man, the Sixth Doctor and Evelyn uncover a catalogue of mysteries.
In a flashback, a young Danny Fisher and his dad are attacked by a lizard creature that speaks in an alien language. He is then brought back to reality in their base in Cornucopia by Annabel Lake speaking to him. Patrick Lake enters and talks to them about the aftermath of the Obsidian Mainframe Incident and how it is important not to reveal that Earth or humans were involved. He is then interrupted by a TV broadcast showing Amy Johnson (a famous pilot who supposedly died in World War II, rescued by the Doctor and Clara) being interviewed about the upcoming Lifesong Carnival to celebrate Cornucopia's history. Patrick suspects the Doctor's involvement. He sends Annabel and Danny undercover as their respective counterparts, Ms Ghost and Londi, to interview Amy about her rescue. However, she is out flying and while doing so is hijacked by Brothers Progg and Hanka that have been hired to eliminate her. She is rescued by Horatio Lynk. They realise they are both linked by their meetings with the Doctor.
In a jungle on an unnamed world, the Quarks spot the TARDIS' arrival and immediately bury it under rubble. The Doctor and Jamie run as a Quark hit-squad comes after them. They barely stay ahead of their pursuers.
In a panic, Zoe wakes Jamie and informs him that the Doctor is missing. They search throughout the TARDIS, but find no sign of him. He just disappeared from his laboratory.
In a run-down asylum, screams echo in the halls as mysterious creatures roam, terrorising the staff. Patients complain of betrayal rather than illness, and no-one is quite what they seem.
In a small mining colony on the dark and distant planet of  Lethe, strange events are occurring — the results of which could dramatically affect things on a universal scale. For within the dingy corridors of the artificial biosphere, the lone survivor of a devastating crash has expertly wormed his way into the lives of the colony's personnel.
In a small town in the Nevada desert, an alien pathogen has reduced the entire population to a seething mass of black slime. When the Eighth Doctor arrives, he realises this latest threat to humanity is horrifyingly familiar — it is a virus which almost annihilated his entire race, the Time Lords...
In a temporary imperial conclave on the road to Parthia in 111 AD, the Tenth Doctor, Gabby Gonzalez, and Cindy Wu are surrounded by Zoroniss. As the leader of the Zoroniss explains their conspiracy to incubate their eggs within Roman soldiers and conquer the world with an army of Zoroniss young, a burst of light flies into the Doctor's back and he falls down. Concerned, his companions console him, but he assures them he's fine and that "whatever it was, it doesn't seem to have had any lasting consequences". They get back to fighting the Zoroniss.
In a time of war, every means of victory must be explored. In the Time War, the unthinkable must be thought, and neither side can afford to be squeamish about their methods.
In a top secret military bunker deep beneath the Antarctic ice a mysterious death threatens peace negotiations and could spell disaster for the inhabitants of Earth. Can the Doctor cross the t's and dot the i's? Or will his efforts get lost in translation?
In a weird jungle valley, the Victorian explorer Rupert Von Thal saves Bloomsbury novelist Beatrice Mapp from a ghastly death in the grip of a monstrous mantis. But this is no Lost World of the dinosaurs. According to their travelling companions, the Fifth Doctor and Nyssa, all four have been transported back to a primitive Earth that should never have existed!
In an abandoned house, the Weeping Angels wait. The only hope to stop them is a young woman named Sally Sparrow and her friend Larry Nightingale. The only catch: the Weeping Angels can move in the blink of an eye. To defeat the ruthless enemy — with only a half of a conversation from the Tenth Doctor as help — the one rule is this: don't turn your back, don't look away and don't blink!
In an attempt to recharge his batteries after his confrontation with the Eleven, the Doctor takes Liv and Helen to the sleepy English seaside village of Stegmoor. But they find the village in turmoil and, to make matters worse, their arrival uncovers a mystery from the Doctor's past which threatens the future safety of the planet. Can the Doctor prevent the Voord from invading Earth? And more importantly why have they come in the first place?
In ancient Akrotiri, a young girl is learning mysteries from a tutor who, quite literally, fell from the skies. With his encouragement, she can fly and surf the timestreams and see something of the future. But then the demons come. Death and disaster are meted out by the gods of her land. Perhaps retribution for some heinous crime... or something far more sinister?
In celebration of another successful "game" with the lesser beings of the universe, a small group of Eternals gather for a grand ball. One of the artefacts peppering the ballroom is a clock, frozen at the moment of the death of the world it was taken from.
In exchange for the invaluable assistance she offered defending New York – and to say sorry for dropping into her life like a tornado! – the Doctor has promised Gabby one trip – just one trip! – in the TARDIS.
In feudal Japan: A ronin samurai trudges through ice and snow towards his destination, planning on committing seppuku, ritual suicide. Kneeling under a tree, he is approached by the Doctor. He explains that although he has lost his wife and daughter, another man in another time is about to go through the same thing. The ronin has a chance to prevent his suffering from being repeated, if he goes with the Doctor.
In her bedroom on board the TARDIS, Nyssa dreams of her long lost home, and a Forbidden Archway that never really existed — or did it?
In search of "a taste of the real Spain", the TARDIS transports the Doctor, Ace and rejoined crewmember Mel not to sizzling Fuerteventura, or the golden sands of the Costa Brava – but to 1938, amid the horrors of the Spanish Civil War.
In search of "exotic particles", the Doctor and Flip arrive 700 feet underground, in a mine in Northern Mexico – only to run into a scientific expedition. Among their number, an exobiologist. They're all on the hunt for alien life! Deep underground, the team finally uncovers a cave of vast crystals – like ice, despite the heat. And inside the crystal: something frozen. Something trapped in time. If only it were something simple, like a monster. But it's far, far worse than that.
In the 22nd century, the Daleks have occupied planet Earth. By the 43rd century, only a handful of humans survive. Still further into the distant future, a Thal scientist must choose whether to betray his heritage, or see the universe destroyed.
In the 32nd century, the Doctor finds himself on a planet piled high with discarded computer technology. Picking over these remains are an army of Scandroids, a collection of unsavoury, illegal Data Pirates and a team of researchers from the mysterious Lonway Clinic. This is a world of organic-digital transfer and "personality surgery" which the Doctor finds disturbing enough, until something far more deadly starts to emerge.
In the Department of Administrative Records on Gallifrey, Time Lady Tianna notices that someone had recently gone through the records, something that only an operator with High Council clearance should be able to do. Concerned at this breach of security, Tianna turns to the Doctor for help.  He arrives in his TARDIS with Lady President Romana  and K9. Romana is annoyed to realise that Coordinator Vansell is already aware of the security breach.
In the Internet chat room #areyoulonely, people gather to discuss their loneliness. A user named IamI insists that the others keep on typing. As they do so, they discover that their whole bodies slowly vanish into the cyberspace of the chat room.
In the London Underground people have been going missing since the 19th century. While the Doctor and Majenta Pryce go to see the play The Mousetrap, they find the Underground filled with ghosts from different Earth eras.
In the TARDIS, Ace dreams of a little girl listening to violin music coming from a pit.
In the TARDIS, Vicki is reading a fairy-tale book. She prefers improving books, but the Doctor and Steven see the value of fiction.
In the TARDIS, the Doctor and Nyssa stumble across a trail of ten destroyed worlds, all of them obliterated by means of some utterly monstrous but utterly unknown device. The planet Traxana would seem to be next in line to suffer the same fate. But when the TARDIS lands on an outpost on Traxana's moon, Nyssa is carried away by a tide of giant green arachnoids, leaving the Doctor behind...
In the Vortex, the TARDIS comes under a form of psychic attack – resulting in the abductions of first Adric, then Tegan. Following their trail, the Doctor and Nyssa arrive under the lurid skies of the planet Zaltys, whose entire population has vanished in strange circumstances. Soon, they discover that Zaltys is now the target of treasure seekers, come to scavenge this so-called Planet of the Dead...
In the aftermath of events on Rovidia, the Dalek Time Strategist is presented with a unique opportunity to strike a lethal blow to the heart of Gallifrey. A devastating power is set to be unleashed, and with agents in place ready to do the bidding of the Dalek Time Strategist, the future of the Time War could turn in an instant.
In the aftermath of his inaugural adventure, the newly-regenerated Seventh Doctor is bemoaning the loss of several articles of clothing on Lakertya. He's only just regenerated and he's already down a tartan scarf and his rainbow-coloured umbrella. Still, the TARDIS wardrobe has provided him with replacements: a new paisley scarf and a different umbrella.
In the blistering heat of the Egyptian desert Howard Carter and his team search for the lost tomb of Userhat, a servant of the god Amun. What they discover sheds new light on the history of the world as we know it.
In the city-state of Hokesh, time plays tricks; the present is unreliable, the future impossible to intimate. A derelict street child, Joey Quine, finds himself subject to horrifying visions and fugues. His only friend in this, the only one to whom he can turn for help, is a mysterious stranger who calls herself Ace.
In the console room, the Doctor and Charley relax while watching the planet Venus on the scanner. Later, the TARDIS materialises in a strange forest. As the Doctor investigates, Charley is bored.
In the control room of a World War 2 submarine something strange has started to happen. As the ship runs out of control, its crew begin to fall unconscious...
In the days when the Time Lords were young, their war with the Vampires cost trillions of lives on countless worlds. Now the Vampires have been sighted again, in San Francisco. Some want to coexist with humans, using genetic engineering in a macabre experiment to find a new source of blood. But some would rather go out in a blaze of glory — and UNIT's attempts to contain them could provoke another devastating war.
In the depths of space a little known district harbours a terrible secret. Long known as a place of death, it claims thousands more lives as a great corporate space-fleet goes to war. As the fleet screams out in fear and pain, an irresistible voice calls out to three travellers and a macabre mind sets a deadly trap.
In the desert, several camel riders watch a plane crashing using advanced binoculars. One orders the others to activate "the device".
In the desperate search for Melody Pond, the TARDIS crash lands in Thirties Berlin, as the time-travelling drama returns for the second half of the series shown earlier in the year. The Doctor comes face to face with the greatest war criminal in the Universe. And Hitler. Old friendships are tested to their limits as the Doctor suffers the ultimate betrayal and learns a harsh lesson in the cruellest warfare of all. As precious time ebbs away, the Doctor must teach his adversaries that time travel has responsibilities. And he must succeed before an almighty price is paid.
In the distant future, an order of cat-nuns cure all illnesses, but the Tenth Doctor is suspicious of their methods. He must uncover the truth and save Rose from the vengeance of his old enemy, the Lady Cassandra.
In the distant past, the land that would be India played host to a war between ancient aliens, whose cross-temporal battles contributed to the country's rich myths and legends. Kali, oldest and deadliest of these creatures, was thought defeated long, long ago; her body scattered throughout time to prevent her return. But her psychic essence could not be killed... nor her millennia-long quest for vengeance.
In the far future, humanity has a remedy for everything. Whatever the problem, Pharma Corps has the answer and a designer disease tailored to every human's blood-type. Zanzibar Hashtag has no need to be sad, scared, stressed, or depressed ever again.
In the far future, the Doctor, Rose and Captain Jack find a world on which fiction has been outlawed. A world where it's a crime to tell stories, a crime to lie, a crime to hope, and a crime to dream.
In the far future, the city of Hope isn't a place for the weak.
In the far future, the inhabitants of Tarsus Six face a desperate struggle to evacuate their world before their sun, Tarsus Ultra, collapses into a cataclysmic spatial anomaly.
In the hidden gardens of the planet Iros the Doctor and Clara are attacked by giant robot gnomes who mistake them for weeds.
In the icy wastes of the Murgin Pass, the Doctor and Mike take refuge in a remote lodge alongside Albert Tiermann, storyteller to the king. But the owner's hospitality is repaid with a grisly attack, and suddenly death is amongst the small party.
In the months after Pull Back to Earth's publicised burning of Perseus Corporeal Stephen Le Page, the public react against Perseus. Boycotts and demonstrations are common. Governments and corporations begin to back out of their deals with Perseus.
In the mysterious world of the Nethersphere, plans have been drawn up.
In the north west of England, the Skelsdale nuclear power station is having some problems. A loud "bzzzzzzzz" sound seems to be moving around the station. By the time the Eleventh Doctor, Rory Williams and Amy Pond arrive at the station some hours later, it is deserted. Having spilt tea in the geo-temporal calibrators of the TARDIS, 19th century Whitby was not their destination. The "bzzzz" sound is still ringing out when they arrive. The Doctor identifies it as an electrical discharge with something organic about it.
In the remnant of a shattered satellite, far above the ruined planet Earth, Steven Taylor and Oliver Harper are dying. As time runs out, they face their pasts... and a secret long kept is revealed.
In the self-contained Habitat on Dramos, things are getting out of control. Twenty million humans and aliens are at each other's throats, the lid barely held on by the Church of Adjudication, who through their OBERON systems wield absolute power. And we all know what absolute power does.
In the skies of the planet Clahow, the native bird-people are fighting off a mysterious warship with the help of Georges Guynemer and his First World War fighter plane. Word reaches Georges that a prisoner transport of bird-people and humans has been captured. Georges is introduced to the Eleventh Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams.
In the stillness of the archives, amongst the dust and data, a creature from another reality is trying to break through...
In the town of Westmouth, the war memorial has a special significance for both the Seventh Doctor and Simon Galway.
In the trenches on Christmas Day, Edward Woodbourne talks with an "officer" who was found wandering nearby. The officer, who gives his name as the Doctor, is distraught at losing his friend Peri, but is soon told that she's been found safe. While waiting for her, the British and German soldiers declare an informal truce and begin playing football.
In the wake of Clara's exit, the Doctor is flying solo — and finding just as much trouble, danger, and cosmic wonder as when Ms Oswald was around!
In the year 2075, vital supply ships to Earth's colony on Venus are being seized by a band of pirates under command of Captain Anastas Thrax. The Doctor leads a revolt by Thrax's prisoners aboard his invisible space station.
In the year 4000, the Daleks conspire to conquer the Solar System. Their scheme involves treachery at the highest levels and a weapon capable of destroying the very fabric of time. Only the Doctor and his friends can prevent catastrophe — and there is no guarantee they will escape with their lives...
In this brand new adventure, Night of the Kraken, the Twelfth Doctor meets a roguish time-smuggler and faces a terrifying creature from the deep with a plan to destroy the Earth.
In this special one-shot story, a strange force flings the TARDIS and the Eleventh Doctor into our own universe! Once here, the Doctor encounters a 10-year-old girl who happens to be a huge fan of the Doctor Who TV show. The Doctor grapples with being a fictional character and a monster lurking at the girl's school on the way to coming face-to-face with the actor who portrays him, Matt Smith!
In this standalone tale, the Doctor and Donna attempt to broker a peace plan between two very hierarchical and pompous alien races, the Draconians and Ice Warriors. But their best efforts are derailed by someone who stands to gain from the continued conflict. Written by TV show story editor Gary Russell with art by Adrian Salmon.
In this, the Doctor's first encounter with the Trods, he and his companions discover the truth behind the origin of the robotic enslavers who have overthrown their human creators on Trodos. The controlling Super-Trod is only a puppet directed by a power hungry criminal.
In yet another attempt to reach Rio de Janeiro, the Eleventh Doctor, Amy and Rory end up in the strangest of places. The planet they're on appears to be very civilised; however, they soon find out that it's a place where there is no justice keeping the peace, but crime lords ruling over all.
India in 1947 is a country in the grip of chaos — a country torn apart by internal strife. When the Doctor and Donna arrive in Calcutta, they are instantly swept up in violent events.
Indigo lives in a world without hope on a council estate so gloomy its residents call it "The Slab". The Doctor must prevent an insectoid species from seeping across the worlds.
Inhabiting a colony spaceship in the thirty second century are members of a religious cult that left Earth to find a world of their own. Their leader, Seraph, has downloaded his mind into the ship's computers, but now he has gone silent, enticed and serenaded by a siren song coming from inside a black hole. Trapped in orbit around the void, Seraph's followers are confused by his silence, and when the Doctor arrives with his friend Fyne seeking a cure to a raging Tyger-fever which has infected his companion, he finds a world on the brink of chaos.
Insane Daleks are about to escape the Dalek Asylum where they are kept. The rest of the Daleks call on their greatest enemy, the Doctor, along with his companions Amy Pond and Rory Williams, to lower the defences so they can destroy the Asylum. Can the Doctor save the day, along with his companions' marriage, as easily as he can fix his bow-tie?
Inside a castle prison on the planet Argone, Professor Piritus Eglon's genetic experiments finally succeed. He splices together human and alien cells. As he declares his own genius, the Professor is shocked to see a hand burst out of one of the tanks in his laboratory.
Inside a cluster of fused-together derelict spaceships, four of the Doctor's oldest friends — and one of his newest ones — are lost and confused. They don't know how they got there or what they're meant to be doing — but as the place is infested with Daleks, Sontarans and dinosaurs, their first priority is staying alive.
Inside an atmosphere bubble on the other side of the universe is Major Luisa Suarez. In the darkness she is supplied with food, drink and clean clothes by her captors. During the lights on she is left alone, not knowing how she arrived or why she is there. One day the Doctor and Amy Pond also arrive with the same questions. They were exploring a planet before darkness suddenly fell.
Inside the Funhouse, the Sixth Doctor and Frobisher find themselves victims of the building's cruel games.
Intercepted while travelling between Earth and the Ark, the Fourth Doctor and his companions are transported to the planet Skaro, thousands of years in the past, on a mission for the Time Lords — to prevent the creation of the Daleks.
Intercepting a distress call, the TARDIS is drawn to a Shinto shrine in medieval Japan, where the Doctor and Amy are met by village elder Shijo Sada. He explains that the ogre-like mannequins surrounding the holy site are harmless guardians, called Otoroshi. At the heart of the temple is an ancient jade pyramid, so sacred that only the monks may look at it. But the Shogun, the ruler of Japan, wants to possess the pyramid and has ordered seven samurai and a band of soldiers to come to Kokan and seize it. Whilst the Doctor is tracked by a ninja assassin, Amy discovers what happens to trespassers at the shrine. Soon the secrets of the jade pyramid — and the towering Otoroshi — will be known.
Intersol have searched the galaxy high and low for Majenta Pryce. They have finally found her, but what has she done wrong? Will her past threaten to destroy the whole universe and what will be her fate?
Interstellar scrap dealers have a lucrative business reprogramming dormant Cybermen into domestic servants, until one prematurely awakens and steals the Doctor's TARDIS.
Iris Wildthyme has recently regenerated. She is on Earth, hanging out with Andy Warhol and his crowd at the Factory. One of her friends is a writer named Valerie Solanis.
Isaac is being interviewed by a reporter, Sarah Jane Smith, and her "assistant". Her questions deal with his music and his attempts to gain asylum in Britain. The assistant makes a rude comment, and when Sarah scolds him, Isaac realises he is the Doctor. To the Doctor's surprise, Isaac reveals that he travelled with the Doctor twenty years ago.
Isn't life terrible? Isn't it all going to end in tears? Won't it be good to just give up and let something else run my mind, my life?
It does as well to the Doctor, Amy and Rory, who revel in being in the setting for the classic film. That is until they discover a world-domination plot hatched not by Hitler, but the Silurians!
It has been five years since Amy Pond last travelled with the Eleventh Doctor. However, when he arrives by accident and they have a reunion, Amy is left questioning what is real. Is she actually living with her husband Rory in Leadworth, 2015, or is she still travelling with Rory and the Doctor in the TARDIS? Which is real and which is fake? Dream or reality? Only one thing is clear: it's Amy's choice.
It has been three months since the Hexford catastrophe, and Mike Yates is trying to show strength of leadership to the villagers. But with morale low and supplies running out, it is increasingly difficult to keep his own hopes up. Unless somebody finds them soon, the future looks bleak.
It is 16 October 1829. Captain Samuel Nolbrow and his crew of the Mermaid await their last passengers before setting sail. The captain is impatient by the delay, but soon the Doctor and Bernice arrive. They set sail from Sydney. During the voyage, the Doctor makes the acquaintance of Professor Burroughs.
It is 1917 and the Doctor, Hex and Ace find themselves in a military hospital in northern France. But the terrifying, relentless brutality of the Great War that wages only a few miles away is the least of their concerns.
It is 1953, the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II — but there is something hiding in the televisions of the British people. Something hungry...
It is 23 November 1964. Joan Wright's daughter, Barbara, has been missing for a year. Joan has had to endure not just worry for her daughter, but also the indignity of her daughter's room being searched by police and the unkind gossip of others.
It is 3 September 1864. Victoria and her father, Edward Waterfield, are visiting a friend, Sir Charles Westbrooke, the eminent physiologist. He and Waterfield have something in common — they are relatively recent widowers. Westbrooke's wife, Claire, was recently murdered by robbers. Westbrooke tells Waterfield of his recent studies and experiments in attempting to reanimate dead cells. He thinks the secret lies in improving the quality of human blood. Neither man notices that Victoria has followed their conversation closely.
It is 3999. An artificial planetoid, Micawber's World, is hosting the Intergalactic Olympic Games, and athletes from all the worlds in the Galactic Federation are coming to take part. But when the Doctor and Sam arrive, murders soon begin...
It is George Baldwin's last day at work in a top secret vault of UFO files. As he files away his last report before retiring, the Tenth Doctor bursts in. Flashing his UNIT Priority One, he announces he needs access to a file before the imminent arrival of a squad of Chukwa Fel Interrogators.
It is London, 1894. Amid the fog, cold and degradation, a gruesome business is being conducted. The bodies of the dead are being stolen from their graves — men, women and children alike — for the sinister purpose of a very mysterious gentleman.
It is Sunday morning. Bill is meeting with "John Smith" to discuss some ideas for television stories. John has some ideas but can't quite remember the details. Bill is drinking but isn't feeling very well. He feels like he has a lot of good ideas, and leaves for a meeting with Ray to discuss them.
It is Will Hoffman's first day in UNIT, and he is assigned to drive Colonel Chaudry to a Code Blue.
It is a few years into our future, and there are bases on the Moon. A recent survey has shown something unusual, an unknown power source. When a tall, skinny spiky-haired stranger turns up and announces he's from the Bureau of Alien Technology doing a spot check, the survey team know they've found something special. But is this special power source a blessing or a curse?
It is a truth universally acknowledged that a single girl in possession of a mind of her own must be in want of a husband. But which of Miss Peri Brown's rival suitors will be the one to win her hand: handsome Mr Darcy, or the mysterious Doctor?
It is almost Halloween in the sleepy New England town of Blackwood Falls. Autumn leaves litter lawns and sidewalks, paper skeletons hang in windows, and carved pumpkins leer from stoops and front porches. The Doctor and Martha soon discover that something long-dormant has awoken in the town, and this will be no ordinary Halloween. What is the secret of the ancient chestnut tree and the mysterious book discovered tangled in its roots? What rises from the local churchyard in the dead of night, sealing up the lips of the only witness? And why are the harmless trappings of Halloween suddenly taking on a creepy new life of their own? As nightmarish creatures prowl the streets, the Doctor and Martha must battle to prevent both the townspeople and themselves from suffering a grisly fate...
It is generally agreed that Shakespeare's play about the doomed love of Romeo and Juliet took as its main inspiration the poem The Tragical History of Romeus and Juliet by Arthur Brook. The play, as reproduced in Quarto and Folio, closely follows the narrative of the poem, using the same character names and ending (as it well known) with the death of Romeo (when he discovers Juliet in a state of apparent death after taking a sleeping draught) and the death of Juliet (after she awakes and discovers Romeo had died).
It is the Tenth Doctor's final journey — but his psychotic nemesis, the Master, has been resurrected on Christmas Eve! Each determined to cheat death, the battle rages from the abandoned wastelands of London to the mysterious Immortality Gate, whilst the alien Ood warn of an even greater danger approaching, as a terrible shadow falls across the entire universe.
It is the eve of battle and the Martial Princesses Louise and Alison are hosting a royal ball. But there are unwelcome visitors in the garden and a sequence of events spiralling out of control. And what's more, the Doctor doesn't even remember arriving.
It is well known that Macbeth is the shortest of Shakespeare's tragedies, leading many critics to speculate that the text first printed in the Folio was heavily edited version of what was originally a play of similar length to Othello and King Lear. Certainly there is evidence that the text contains interpolations drawn from the work of Thomas Middleton and that some scenes may have been heavily cut (see Wilson, 1947).
It seems the Beige Guardian has kidnapped all eight Doctors and is forcing them to defeat all their past enemies at once. Matters, however, are not quite what they appear.
It took everything the Doctor had to defeat a SINGLE Hyperion – a mad and ancient living star that had been sealed away for millennia by the Time Lords. Now Hyperion tombs are opening all across the cosmos, with one awakening on the very edge of the solar system – with vengeance in its heart...  How can the Doctor and Clara hope to stop the fury of the Hyperions from consuming Earth?!
It was the city of angels, and the angels were screaming...
It was the ruthless pack instinct of the primeval forest. But warlock magnified it a thousand times and made it lethal.
It's 1812 and the Doctor, Steven and Dodo get ready to spend their winter in a Russian village. The French are on their way, but that's not the only invasion the travellers will have to deal with.
It's 1929, and the TARDIS crew is holidaying in Antibes. While the Doctor practises his painting, Romana attempts to fend off the playful advances of young Tommy Creighton. All is peaceful and idyllic except for the portentous warning of astrologer Madame Arcana, and the fact that personal items are being stolen from the hotel's guests.What is the secret of the cave on the beach? And why do some of Romana's new acquaintances suddenly behave so strangely? As her newfound socialite existence suddenly takes a turn into danger, Romana finds that the whole planet Earth is faced with a deadly threat...
It's 1999 and the Millennium Bug is threatening to bring the world's computers to a standstill. Experts struggle to avert disaster, but a powerful force seems determined to work against them.
It's 2020, and the most ambitious drilling project in history has reached deeper beneath the Earth's crust than man has ever gone before — but now the ground itself is fighting back. The Eleventh Doctor, Amy and Rory arrive in a tiny mining village, and find themselves plunged into a battle against a deadly danger from a bygone age.
It's 2050 and the Eleventh Doctor and Amy Pond arrive at the New Wembly Space Stadium, where guest billing goes to The England 2010 World Cup Squad! The Doctor sees from the match programme that the England team was borrowed from the past by the Chronos Corporation. With a team of computerised robots playing in opposition, the Doctor investigates as the eleven players from the England squad walk onto the pitch.
It's Christmas Eve and high above London, the alien Sycorax are holding the Earth for ransom. The Tenth Doctor must recover from his regeneration in time to save the human race from slavery.
It's Christmas and Linda Grainger is hanging out at the pub, depressed because her boyfriend dumped her.
It's Christmas in the TARDIS, and the crew are exchanging gifts. The Doctor gives K9 an old biscuit (Romana suspects that he's been programmed by the Doctor to enjoy old biscuits).
It's Gabby's first trip to the UK, as the Doctor shows her (and her new fellow TARDIS traveler!) around his adopted gaff. But a visit to the countryside swiftly turns into a gothic horror story, as the gang discover the curse afflicting a small town!
It's Halloween. On a farm in Texas, an old man and his son witness the arrival of an alien space ship whose passengers start firing as soon as they arrive. As the man and his son flee, they bump into the TARDIS, the Eleventh Doctor and Amy Pond dressed up, ready to go trick or treating.
It's Indonesia in 1883. The Doctor and Rose escape from being tied to a post by the local islanders. The islanders spoke about Men of Flames who are destroying their land.
It's July 1885, and somewhere on the Northampton to Euston rail line, the Doctor and Amy Pond have made their way to the front of a steam train speeding out of control at impossible speeds. The driver is unable to stop or even slow the train, so the Doctor climbs out and releases all the steam by undoing a valve with his sonic screwdriver.
It's November 9th, 1965. New York City is plunged into darkness, a taxi driver has bad dreams, and an invisible spacecraft hovers ominously above the skyline.
It's Reading Week at the University of East Wessex, but not everything comes to a stop.
It's back to the deep, deep past and the dawn of humanity for the Doctor and Gabby, as their travels take them to the Pleistocene - and the epic struggle between Neanderthal and Cro-Magnon forces for the future of humankind!
It's been a long time since Jamie McCrimmon remembered anything about his travels with the Doctor, but his visit to Helicon Prime just won't stay hidden... but why remember their murder investigation now?
It's been a long, hot summer in Stockbridge. Longer than the villagers can remember. Summer's lease is never-ending — and all thanks to the Lord and Lady of the Manor!
It's been many months since the Doctor was in Hexford, and Mrs Wibbsey keenly feels his absence. As her grave suspicions about her new neighbour grow, she is in danger of becoming ostracised from village life. When Mike Yates turns up at Nest Cottage with a visitor in tow, Mrs Wibbsey's life is turned even further upside down. Why has this strange new fellow appeared - and can he really be who Mike thinks he is?
It's been many years since Victoria Waterfield travelled through time and space fighting monsters and dictators. Now she's back on Earth fighting for the future of the planet. But are her environmental campaigns so far removed from those former adventures in the vortex?
It's been ten years since the final assault on Telos, the last act of the Great Cyber War. Thanks to the Glittergun, humanity prevailed — and the half-machine Cybermen were utterly obliterated.
It's like The Village That Time Forgot!
It's midnight in the Science Museum, London. Former companions of the Tenth Doctor Heather McCrimmon and Wolfgang Ryter are reunited. They face a "creature" built from museum parts held together by alien microbes inside a meteorite that have created a form with a psychic signal.
It's not all fun at the galactic fair...
It's not long after arriving on a sunny, flower-filled planet that the Tenth Doctor manages to fall down a deep hole. He is joined by Rose, who accepts a lift down from an Arcadian representative using his anti-gravity umbrella. The Doctor has met a group of almost child-like Smart Bombs (missiles with personalities). The missiles are all that remain of a war in which both sides wiped each other out.
It's the 22nd century. Mars has been cleaned up, dusted off, and turned into a leisure planet. The rich sail the artificial seas and drink cocktails. But...the sea is hungry... The Doctor has once again landed himself and his companion in the middle of an intergalactic dispute... and a wedding with very disturbed guests.
It's the 33rd century. Using his psychic paper while posing as a "Mr Smith" at a hypernet telepathic kiosk on space station Psilon, the Doctor enlists the Psilons and their powerful telepathy to track Agent 99, missing in action for some time. The Doctor leaves with Agent 99's telepathic signature and goes to the planet Lossk. From there he uses "Tryptic Thought Crystals of Lossk" to find Agent 99. With Amy Pond and Rory Williams, he travels to the planet Quiox, the deadliest planet in the galaxy.
It's the Doctor and Gabby versus Captain Jack, Cleo and Cindy, with the mysterious Mr Ebonite pulling the strings!
It's the endgame. Truths will be revealed, and a hero will make the ultimate sacrifice.
It's the final stop on the Eighth Doctor's enigmatic to-do list: a Bakri Resurrection Barge, where the super-rich are 'remade' into luxurious artificial bodies after corporeal death. But the resurrectees are dying... their bodies rebelling against their implanted minds! And what is the shocking truth Josie has been hiding from the Doctor?
It's the long-awaited return of a deadly foe, as the Doctor and Clara face a monster that will have you checking your stack of comics for suspicious movement! Dare you continue reading, when every page turn could bring you into MORTAL DANGER?! You have to – you're the Doctor's only hope!
It's the planet of Senecca B, Venguhu. The self-styled King of the Swamps, is a large, angry, green, fanged creature with six arms. He returns to his home dragging Rory Williams and armfuls of much smaller and cuter creatures with big, round eyes. Rory is united with Amy Pond. She and more of the smaller creatures, is tied to a wall with vines in Venghu's larder. While Venghu rants and raves, telling Amy and Rory that they should be frightened by him, they just laugh and goad him on — they aren't afraid because they have the Doctor on their side!
It's the sweltering summer of 1930, and Londoners are enjoying the heatwave. The Doctor, Romana and K9 plan to take a rest after their recent adventures, but the TARDIS warns them of time pollution in the locality.
It's the telegram Constance never wanted to read:
It's time to tidy the TARDIS, but the Sixth Doctor finds he has company.
Its surface ravaged by colliding time-fields, the planet Hirath is a patchwork of habitable areas separated by impenetrable zones of wild temporal fluctuation.
Jack Green, a London gangster, has been called in to see his boss, Charlie Shutter. Charlie intends to punish Jack for a failed job, using his electrical weapon called the Lightning. Three strangers burst in, introducing themselves as the Doctor, Peri and Erimem. Charlie proceeds with the punishment, despite the Doctor's protests. Charlie then turns the weapon on the Doctor, but is shocked that the Doctor can control the Lightning. He sends Jack, Peri and Erimem from the room and discusses the weapon with the Doctor.
Jack Holbine travels to 1915, believing that he is to film the life of Edward Grainger. He is disappointed to learn that he is assigned to film Edward's father, Lawrence Grainger, and his role in the Gallipoli campaign.
Jackie Tyler is a success. Every home should have a Glubby Glub, and Jackie is star saleswoman on the Powell Estate. At last, she’s found her calling and it’s only a matter of time before she can give Rose the life she deserves. But the Doctor isn’t impressed. Jackie Tyler isn’t just filling peoples’ houses with useless clutter. He believes she’s launching an alien invasion...
Jake Morgan lives in London with his girlfriend Fay.
James Sands and his team have been surveying Planet Z02-80535 for six months. Their job is to search for sentient life on the planet for Trans-Planetary Mining. Mining of the planet will begin in 24 hours, as the survey team hasn't found any sentient life thus far.
Jamie McCrimmon and his new friend the Sixth Doctor are lost on the moors of Scotland, where the legendary Kelpie roams...
Jennifer is in bed, not sleeping. She's not upset that Roger was mean to her, or that Emily is so bossy; she's afraid because she heard a strange noise in her room, but she's too scared to open her eyes. Once she screws up her courage to open her eyes, something touches her, and she is gone.
Jo Grant had no inkling of the ship that revolved in orbit like a discreet, preposterous thought in the mind of someone serene but bonkers.
Jo Grant is a contestant on the television show Make a Star. She and the Doctor are undercover investigating the disappearances of the contestants who have been voted off.
Jo Grant is shocked to find most of her colleagues are missing. Then she discovers that the Doctor has inexplicably changed.
Jo Grant takes pity on a tiny advertising robot from the Epsilon Cluster with disastrous consequences.
Jo Grant thinks she is dead, after she is transported to an alternate Earth due to cosmic dust reacting with the molecular adjuster.
Jo gripped the sides of the console. Even over the roar of the engine she could hear branches whipping and snapping against the TARDIS exterior.
Jo is shopping one day when she sees a spaceship land — right in the middle of London. Two blobby aliens approach her and seem to know who she is. As she tries to communicate, she has trouble saying certain words.
Jo is working for Professor Mirko Vetich and he has created a device of great interest to the Master.
Jo, Benton and Yates are grumbling about Christmas when the Brigadier enters and assigns them to duties for the UNIT Christmas party. He sends Benton to the airport to pick up a guest, Doctor Aloysius Fischer, who  especially wants to meet the Doctor. Yates is in charge of food and entertainment, and Jo will be the hostess. When the Brigadier tells the Doctor of the party, the Doctor refuses to attend, but grudgingly agrees to show up at the end of the evening.
John is stranded on an island in the Bermuda Triangle. He often has hallucinations but they don't bother him and he is thankful for them.
Join the Doctor and Martha on their travels through time and space and influence the story with your decisions. Choose a direction and let the adventures begin...
Join the Doctor on his travels through time and space and influence the story with your decisions. Choose a direction and let the adventures begin...
Join the Unwashed... Join the Unforgiving. Join the Ragged, for we are the way.
Jonathan Smith has recently broken up with his boyfriend, Adrian Bullock. He decides he needs to get away and goes to their cottage in Llanfairfach. To his surprise and horror, he realises that Adrian is there with his new boyfriend, James Harris.
Josef, who has been the president of his country for several decades, is dying. He wants the Doctor to visit him, so he captures Ace.
Journalist Ken Froggit is researching late in the Bodleian Library in Oxford. The book he is reading starts talking to him. From within its pages, the voice of the Doctor tells him to run as a many tentacled creature appears in the room with him!
Just after finally defeating the Sontarans on modern-day Earth, the Doctor's TARDIS takes the Tenth Doctor, Donna Noble and Martha Jones on an unexpected trip to the planet Messaline. Arriving right in the middle of a war between humans and Hath, the Doctor meets someone he thought he never would: his daughter. Can the Doctor accept this clone as his offspring, and can he stop the war before it all ends in massacre on both sides?
Just when it seemed it would be yet another chaotic day managing her family's disputes, Martha Jones finds trouble waiting for her at work. Trapped on the Moon with space rhinos looking for a criminal and the air running out, she will have to come to trust a seemingly mad stranger calling himself "the Doctor". But can the Tenth Doctor save the day this time?
K9 is busying himself in Leela's room on Gallifrey, recalling his adventures with the Fourth Doctor. Investigating an irregularity in his scan of the corridor, he meets the Seventh Doctor and recognises him as his Master. Without alerting Leela to his presence, the Doctor takes K9's collar as a memento of his second best friend and silently leaves.
Kamelion, being telepathic, has tapped into Tegan's memories. She wanted to show Turlough the Doctor she first knew, but Kamelion has shown them the first three Doctors, and is overwhelmed by Tegan's childhood memories of her parents and Aunt Vanessa, as well as the Fifth Doctor's memories of Gallifrey. Kamelion sinks his hands into the TARDIS controls, and the TARDIS goes out of control. While he appears as the Third Doctor, the Doctor comes in and assesses the situation. He, Tegan and Turlough run through the corridors, while the Doctor explains on the way that Kamelion has been translating thought transmissions but can't perceive subjective memories. The Doctor finds what he is looking for — a casket in which to put Kamelion, to shield him from their memories.
Kate Forbes is attending the funeral of her father, businessman Bernard Forbes, who was killed in a car accident. After the ceremony, she sees a strange-looking man talking to her mother. Her mother says that, according to the man, Bernard is going to live again.
Katy Bell returns to her Midlands home to find strange goings-on at the buskers fair. A witch trial in the 1980s. A bonfire ready to be lit...
Kept captive in a castle by a terrible beast, Helana befriends the castle's only other resident — its grumpy, grey-haired librarian. Will the Beast and the librarian turn out to be more than meets the eye?
Killer Santas, exploding baubles, an alien spaceship shaped like a giant star — Christmas with the Tenth Doctor is anything but a silent night...
Kingdom of Silver (A Three-Part Story)
Kirsty Fisher is going to see Dr Rochford with her mother. Her mother, who suffers from Munchausen by proxy, thrives on the attention she gets as mother of a sick child, and Kirsty believes her mother gives her things in her food to make her sick. The doctor tries to convince Mrs Fisher that Kirsty is not that sick, but Mrs Fisher has done her homework and comes up with new suggestions of diseases.
Kursaal is a pleasure world, a huge theme park for the Cronus system — or rather it will be if it isn't destroyed during construction.
Kurt Wurlitzer is one of the wealthiest property tycoons in the universe. When his son is kidnapped by a group of treacherous dwarfs, he asks the Doctor to help. The Doctor leads a team of specialists on a dangerous mission to rescue young Wurlitzer from an underground cell.
Landing in 800, the Doctor and Donna find Holy Roman Emperor Charlemagne kidnapped by an insane computer...
Landing in Alaska, the Doctor and Nyssa encounter a group of people in a most unusual house, cut off not only by the harsh climate but by their individual secrets and obsessions.
Landing in Rome, A.D. 64, the travellers take a rare holiday. While Ian and Barbara are happy to relax, the Doctor and Vicki set off to pursue adventure.
Landing in a snowy landscape, the Doctor meets Santa himself, battles robot Santas, rides a sleigh through the skys of planet Earth and accompanies Santa as he travels across the world delivering gift. But not by sleigh - by TARDIS.
Landing in present-day England, all appears serene as the Doctor and Sam emerge from the TARDIS into the idyllic grounds of the Silver family's ancestral home. Only when they enter the house do they suspect things are not what they seem.
Landing in the 1870's by accident, the Tenth Doctor and Rose get caught up in trying to protect Queen Victoria. However, it seems something more sinister is afoot than a simple assassination plot; can the time travelers stop the coming of the Empire of the Wolf?
Landing near a creepy alien castle, the Doctor and Rose split up to explore. Rose enters a room filled with mirrors. She is snatched by her evil reflection. She finds herself in another dimension filled of Mirrorlings, creatures waiting for their chance to escape using the mirrors to take on a new life and replace the originals, all of whom are stuck along with Rose — some for as long as fifty years!
Landing on a war torn planet, the Doctor discovers that the combatants aren't who they appear to be.
Laurence, while waiting in vain for his new caretaker to turn up, remembers Ellen telling him she was going to be married.
Laylora — the Paradise Planet. A world of breath-taking beauty, where the peace-loving inhabitants live in harmony with their environment, Or do they? The Doctor and Rose arrive to find that the once perfect eco-system is showing signs of failing. The Paradise Planet has become a death trap as terrifying creatures from ancient legends appear and stalk the land.
Leaving World War II behind, the Ninth Doctor, Rose and Captain Jack discover that Time Lord technology, lost in the wake of the Time War, is being sold on the intergalactic black market!
Leeds, 2011, and young Danny's earache is hurting and he keeps hearing weird music. His dad is worried enough to take him to hospital — where the Doctor is waiting to see him. The receptionist (Amy Pond) takes Danny and his Dad to see the Eleventh Doctor, who examines Danny's ear with his sonic screwdriver.
Leela, in her last moments of life, recalls a long-forgotten memory: a time in the TARDIS. The Doctor is worried that K9's increasingly bizarre behaviour might become dangerous. He decides to make a new model, little knowing that the fate of all three time travellers has long since been decided.
Len Skeggs is attempting to break into a house, but he is having no success. He hears a strange sound from inside the house and retreats a bit to observe.
Let me tell you a story. Long ago, in the frozen Arctic wastes, an alien army landed. Only now, 10,000 years later, it isn't a story. And the army is ready to attack.
Li Cheung is pedalling madly on the exercise bike. She is putting off  her dinner until she is really hungry because fish paste makes her sick. She hears a loud racket and runs out into the other corridor, joining the other women. The lights flicker and she collides with Melissa. When the power comes back on, the women see a large blue box in the dining area.
Linda Grainger and her grandfather Edward Grainger are visiting Edward's old friend, Commander Guy Oliver, and are taking a tour of his submarine. Oliver receives orders to investigate a crashed ship in the ocean, and there is no time to bring Linda and Edward back home first. Edward offers his help, which Oliver accepts.
Lionel Tooley, a failed ventriloquist, now works as an exterminator. His next job is at an old woman's house. He notices she is blind as she sends him up to the attic.
Liz Shaw is left back at UNIT Headquarters to work on a sheaf of calculations, while the Doctor and the Brigadier go to visit the committee responsible for funding UNIT. The Master arrives and hypnotises Liz into telling him everything she knows about the Doctor. The Master considers how to best make use of all he has learned. He decides the Nestene Consciousness and the Silurians sound very promising. He makes Liz forget he was ever there and leaves. Later, Liz comes to an important decision: she will resign from UNIT and return to Cambridge.
Lloyd Kingsley-Sayle is filming a movie about the Cybermen invasion of the 1970s. At the request of Brigadier Lethbridge-Stewart, the Second Doctor poses as a scientific advisor on the set. The Brigadier is concerned that the movie will reveal too much about UNIT. The Doctor "corrects" events in the film while also making friends with Lloyd's seven-year-old daughter Kate. Kate had been kidnapped for a week last year and returned mysteriously.
London has fallen, the Brigadier is dead and the Doctor seems defenceless against Queen Karolina and her army of magical creatures. Can the Doctor, Liz and Benton restore the world, save the Brigadier from the afterlife and defeat a powerful witch?
London, 1851.
London, 1864 - where any gentleman befitting the title ‘gentleman’ belongs to a gentlemen’s club: The Reform, The Athenaeum, The Carlton, The Garrick... and, of course, The Contingency. Newly established in St James’, The Contingency has quickly become the most exclusive enclave in town. A refuge for men of politics, men of science, men of letters. A place to escape. A place to think. A place to be free.
London, 1889 and a time-stranded Doctor needs the help of an old friend to fix the TARDIS... but is beset by pursuers sent by Queen Victoria herself! How is this connected to a previous tale of the Sixth Doctor — and a Fourth Doctor adventure that hasn't happened yet? And what will happen if the Doctor is captured by the Torchwood Institute? A special standalone tale!
London, 1900. The First Doctor is missing both his hand and his granddaughter, Susan. Faced with the search for Susan, a strange beam of soporific light, and a host of marauding Soul Pirates intent on harvesting human limbs, the Doctor is promised a dangerous journey into a land he may never forget...
London, 1963: The Doctor returns to the place where it all began — alongside his latest companion, Ace, with unfinished business.
London, 2013. "Danger. This is a warning. A warning to the whole world. You're looking for Wi-Fi. Sometimes you see something, a bit like this. Don't click it. Do not click it. Once you've clicked it, they're in your computer. They can see you. If they can see you, they might choose you. And if they do... you die."
London, 2015. The Doctor's looking for a lost space probe. Lucie Miller's feeling just plain lost, on a world she no longer quite belongs to.
London, November 1605. The TARDIS materialises at a crucial moment in British history. While Ian and Barbara set off for the Globe Theatre, Vicki accompanies the First Doctor on a mysterious mission to the court of King James.
London, the 23rd Century: devastated by a plague of biblical proportions, the city has been consumed by Davy Jones' Locker. Now the Doctor and his latest companion, Amy Pond, find themselves in a deep sea base. It is a research station designed to study the ruins and salvage some shrapnel of hope from the wreckage. A swarm of monstrous Vashta Nerada have invaded the facility with plans to feast on the crew. Can the Doctor and Amy survive? Only you can decide...
London. The end of November, 1963. A time of change. The old guard are being swept away by the white heat of technology. Political scandals are the talk of the town. Britain tries to maintain its international role; fanatics assassinate charismatic politicians and Group Captain Ian Gilmore is trying to get his fledgling Counter-Measures unit off the ground.
Long ago and far away, the Doctor and Leela faced the Robots of Death...
Long ago, the planet Pavonis IV was saved from certain destruction by the Doctor. Now it is dead, laid waste by environmental catastrophe, but a few survivors and their precious race bank survive on the starship Myriad. Their mission: to scour the universe for the fabled dimensionally transcendental obelisk in which their saviour travels, and persuade him to save their world again.
Long, long ago, Mrs Polly Jackson travelled in the TARDIS with her friends, the Doctor and Ben. Together, they saw many remarkable things – some magical, some terrifying, some filled with awe and wonder. Only one incident, however, was truly inexplicable, a single encounter which failed at the time wholly to make sense. At least, that is, until today...
Looking for a respite after their involvement in the French Revolution, the TARDIS materialises on a planet to which the Doctor has never been before. While the girls enjoy themselves in the TARDIS wardrobe, Ian and the Doctor step out onto a verdant, but scarcely populated world.
Looking for rest and relaxation, the Tenth Doctor and companion Gabriella Gonzalez take a trip to Earth Station Presley, a mining platform around an enormous gas giant – and home to one of the most spectacular sensory experiences in the universe!
Los Alamos, New Mexico, 1945. The Second World War is coming to its bloody conclusion, and in the American desert the race is on to build an atomic bomb. The fate of the world is at stake in more ways than one.
Losing is nothing — and everything.
Low Joker, a Lakhotha hunter, is on his way home when he transforms into a tree. The knife that he had been carrying is embedded in the tree.
Lucie Miller always loved Christmas back home in Blackpool. Her Mum running a still-frozen turkey under the hot tap at ten. Great-Grandma Miller half-cut on cooking sherry by eleven. Her Dad and her uncle arguing hammer and tongs about who was the best James Bond all through dinner. And in the afternoon, Aunty Pat, haring up to the house on the back of a moped weighed down with ridiculous presents.
Lucie Miller's been headhunted to join the staff of Hulbert Logistics, a respectable blue-chip firm in Telford. Great prospects, competitive salary — you don't have to be mad to work here! But wasn't she made for better things, like travelling by TARDIS through time and space? The Doctor, meanwhile, has been fired — into a confrontation with the most terrifying of enemies...
Lukas Ryan makes his report on events that recently happened, but for some reason his recollections are vague. 
Luke Tillyard is waiting for the train to take him to his grandfather's funeral when he is approached by Charley Pollard. Luke discovers that Charley is running from a crazed alien called C'rizz, and he steps in to protect her. The Doctor catches C'rizz's attention, and Luke puts his headphones in C'rizz's ears and plays his music on full volume. C'rizz falls unconscious, and the Doctor and Charley take him back to the TARDIS.
Lunchtime on a sunny day on a farm in Kenya in 2013: the Eleventh Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams arrive just as mealtime is interrupted by a giant fly in Gero and his son Chipo's soup. Rory squashed it with a spade and the three new arrivals show ID as being from "Intergalactic pest control".
Lycon tells a story to his children of a man called the Doctor who once saved them from their evil uncle Kalem who had staged a coup to become King of Zalezna. The Doctor disarmed Kalem's soldiers and proposed that Mihal should be the next king of Zalezna. Mihal was in doubt of his leadership abilities so the Doctor told him many stories of leaders who overcame their doubt.
Mad scientist Mehendri Solon is building a body from spare parts to house the disembodied brain of the evil Time Lord Morbius. He fancies the Doctor's head as the final piece...
Majorca, Spain: After a series of stressful adventures, Amy Pond and Rory Williams are dropped off by the Doctor on the island of Majorca in the Mediterranean Sea for a relaxing vacation. Unfortunately, the time they materialise in is less than ideal. Whilst waiting at the airport for a flight out, Amy complains that the hotel that looked so nice in the brochure isn't actually built yet, it rained the whole time, and the only "exotic food" available was soggy fish and chips at a fake English pub. Rory, whose dogged attempts at optimism are repeatedly stymied by Amy's complaints, finally manages to point out, "At least we'll be home soon, eh?" This turns out not to be true either, as an announcement immediately informs them that flights off the island are delayed indefinitely. Before Amy can finish threatening a dire fate for the people in charge, Lady Christina de Souza appears, striding confidently to the front of the queue, explaining that she has a private jet and a pressing engagement in Utah. Before Rory's open admiration of Christina and her jet can get him in too much trouble with Amy, the Doctor saves the day by materialising the TARDIS in the middle of the airport and offering the couple tickets to "the most luxurious star-liner in the galaxy." Delighted that her holiday might not be a total disaster, Amy accepts the tickets over Rory's assurances that all they wanted was to go home. After a brief altercation with the local police is settled with judicious use of the psychic paper, the three head off to the star-liner Excelsis, which is travelling through the Ashaya Nebula, "a couple of years" in the future and "a few galaxies over," according to the Doctor.
Manchester, 1993. The vampires of Great Britain have received a message: the long-awaited arrival of their evil messiah is imminent. It's time for a recruitment drive.
Manda, an employee of Buildworth, sees "ghosts" in her domicile. She and most of the other residents avoid human contact whenever possible.
Many years ago, Earth's twin planet, Mondas, drifted away to the edge of space. Its inhabitants grew weak, so their scientists created spare parts for their bodies. Limbs and organs were slowly replaced by metal and plastic. Emotions were removed. The Cybermen were born.
Many years ago, on a dark and stormy night, the disfigured and enigmatic Doctor John Smith invited his closest friends, Inspector Victor Schaeffer and his wife, to a dinner to celebrate his birthday. A mere few hours later all the occupants in that house had been changed — some were dead, others mentally scarred forever by the events of that night.
Many years ago, when she was travelling with the Doctor, Jo Grant visited Zayin Eight. Now, suddenly and inexplicably, she is back on that ravaged planet, and reunited with a human called Newton Calder. What happened to the missing members of Calder's team? What is the secret of the vast ruined city? The answers will lie in the dark and distant past of the Time Lords themselves...
Margrave University in 2001, and Raine Creevy is enjoying her first trip into the future.
Mars, 2059, Bowie Base One. Last recorded message: "Don't drink the water. Don't even touch it. Not one drop."
Martha Jones finds herself in Scunthorpe with no memory of how she got there. She finds the Tenth Doctor, but he isn't acting friendly towards her. Scared, she flees and encounters Donna Noble, a person she doesn't know but who knows her. Martha discovers that she is not the real Martha Jones, but a duplicate created by one of the Doctor's enemies. She had been transported into the TARDIS. The Doctor reprogrammed her to believe she was the real Martha Jones. The Doctor and Donna leave the robot Martha on an inhabited planet.
Martha Jones is a bit tired of walking around in circle with the Tenth Doctor, who is using a small hand-held device to track an etheric beam in a busy town high street. She decides to take a break and grab a coffee. It's a beautiful summer day and the Doctor is happy to head off on his own, leaving Martha to take a seat. As Martha sits with her coffee and cake, she watches people going about their everyday lives and notices the repeated appearances of an old lady. Nothing special — an old lady, white hair tied up with a pin, brown cardigan and black handbag. Yet whenever she sees her, the same old lady is somewhere else, walking one way then the other, going in one shop and out another. At one point she sees the Doctor nearly knock her into the road as he blindly tries to track his signal. Martha decides to follow the old woman into the back of an antiques shop. She finds a room full of the same little old woman, about twenty of them, all sitting around knitting with "invisible" wool! As she is about to leave, her way is blocked. One of the old ladies pulls a gun on her. They are aliens in disguise, using their "needles" to generate etheric energy. With their energy levels low after landing, they decided on one common disguise. Their analysis of human behaviour indicated that little old ladies were the best choice, as they all looked the same and were unlikely to be noticed. The knitters continue to create their etheric energy as the old lady with the gun prepares to fire at Martha. Martha ducks and knocks the gun flying. A stray shot, shooting blue lightning, causes chaos. One of the old ladies drops her needles. As they roll to the floor, the ends touch and a green glow spreads to the other needles. The old ladies cry out as their power fades. The light spreads and the creatures' true forms begin to show: spindly front legs, segmented eyes, like giant grasshoppers. Then they all disappear. Without their report, their fleet passes by the Earth. Martha rejoins the Doctor, who is disappointed the etheric beam has disappeared. As they head back to the TARDIS, the Doctor sees a baby in a pram outside a shop. As they pass he comments on how strange it is that all babies look the same!
Martin Stowe and Sheila have been receiving offensive emails and telephone calls lately, and they suspect their co-worker, Indira. She claims to have received similar emails and calls, but at first they don't believe her.
Mary had a little lamb, its fleece was white as snow 
Materialising aboard the submarine HMS Thunder during the Second World War, the Doctor and Ace join Commander Fitzgerald and his crew as they track a fellow sub in trouble.
Maurice Bernard heads for his dig site. He is pleased that they found a goblet that possibly came from Troy. However, he is shocked to see that the dig site has been completely destroyed, with the goblet sitting in the centre of the devastation.
Max Wheeler is worried about the audience at his radio shows — several of them have died recently. Meanwhile, the Doctor and Susan are in London, in 1963, but when they make a trip, they end up in the same area, only in 1955. They meet Max and his ex-wife Maxine.
Maxwell Edison, a normal man from the village of Stockbridge finds himself entering the TARDIS and The Doctor's adventures.
May 17th 1944: A squadron of Hurricanes shoots down an unidentified aircraft over the Dorset village of Turelhampton. A routine operation. So why is the village immediately evacuated?
May you live in interesting times.
Meeting his old friend Ivan Asimoff again, the Sixth Doctor is roped into helping free Polly, a captive Zyglot. Who is behind her imprisonment?
Melissa and her parents, Sandra and Jason, are at WendiWorld to celebrate Melissa's half birthday. Melissa makes a stuffed monkey come to life to amuse a small child.
Mesopotamia — the cradle of civilisation. In the fertile crescent of land on the banks of the rivers Tigris and Euphrates, mankind is turning from hunter gatherer into farmer, and from farmer into city-dweller.
Miasimia Goria was a quiet planet, an ancient world of bucolic tranquility... until the Rani arrived with ideas of her own.
Michael is a young boy who likes to solve mysteries, such as the mystery of the extra gnome, the mystery of the absent father, and the mystery of the strange man in yellow trousers at the bottom of the garden.
Mickey is startled to find a statue of Rose in a museum - a statue that is 2,000 years old. The Doctor realises that this means the TARDIS will shortly take them to ancient Rome, but when it does, he and Rose soon have more on their minds than a sculpture.
Millennia ago, the great god Valdemar held sway over the universe. Somehow the Old Ones defeated this dark presence and entombed him beneath the acid skies of Ashkellia, before disappearing themselves forever.
Millions of years ago, the noble Ice Warriors fled to Deimos, moon of Mars, hoping to sit out the radioactive death throes of their home planet. When the TARDIS lands on Deimos, the Doctor discovers that the Warriors' ancient catacombs are now a popular stop for space tourists.
Missing Mexico by 200 miles, the Eleventh Doctor ends up in Mercy, Nevada, where something's not quite right... The locals are hostile to strangers, and a border of stone and wood surrounds the town. As the Doctor soon finds out, a gunslinger is behind this, and not just an ordinary one.
Mole monsters from beneath the ground start to dig to the surface in a frenzy when astronauts begin drilling for valuable rocks and minerals.
Molly O'Sullivan is still trying to help people, but now she is back in London, staying in Baker Street.
Molly's father was killed in a terrible accident. UNIT scientist John Foster suffered the same fate. But are they really gone? Both play a part in the universe-hopping new arc! The Doctor and Clara race against time to both stop a dreaded new peril – the Fractures – in a bid to stop reality unravelling around them.
More than one TARDIS lands on a barren ice world. The Fifth Doctor, Adric, Nyssa and Tegan find a once ordered society on the verge of collapse, as rebels wage a dirty war with Scientifica, the ruling elite. All that stands between order and anarchy is the massed presence of an Adjudicator peacekeeping force.
Morgan Sturgess is waiting in his office. In a couple of hours, a government agent will arrive to collect a contract giving the government his research — the Utopia project, genetic research designed to eliminate disease and genetic abnormalities.
Morun and Alto are the last survivors of the crew of a giant space ship. In their charge is the whole of the Thusion race, in suspended animation. Despairing of ever finding an uninhabited world to settle on, the dying Morun revives a young man, Zeros, from his long sleep. Zeros, however, does not share Morun and Alto's qualms about subjugating the primitive race of a nearby world. When the Doctor arrives, he saves Alto from death at Zeros' hands and tries to use the TARDIS to move Thusion ship to another, more hospitable galaxy.
Moscow 1967. The Doctor and Ace have arrived behind the Iron Curtain, and the Soviet Union is seeking a new weapon that will give it mastery in the Cold War.
Mysterious forces are at work in 1930s Tibet. The once gentle Yeti have turned savage and besieged a Buddhist monastery. The Second Doctor, Jamie and Victoria arrive expecting a friendly welcome from the abbot, but soon become ensnared in the plans of the extradimensional being known as the Great Intelligence.
Nameless, spiderlike invaders are killing the vaguely squid-like Culture by inserting their DNA into the Culture and turning them into nurseries for incubation of more invaders. Fearing that the Culture will be destroyed, the Culture attempts to flee what it terms "the homebody" and enter "the overbody."
Nanci Cruz is an American living in England who has recently been betrayed by her best friend and her boy friend. She walks along the street, feeling alone, when a young boy runs into her, knocking her down. He is dressed in unusual clothing, wears a leather box on a strap across his chest, and has golden eyes. He touches her, and her physical pain from the impact and her emotional pain from the betrayal start to fade away. The boy sees someone coming and moves away. Nanci sees a tall blond woman chasing after him.
Near a lodge beside Lake Geneva in Switzerland, 1816, the TARDIS is brought to land at night during a storm whose cause is no natural phenomenon. In the woods the Doctor finds a towering piece of alien apparatus that is agitating the storm. Beside it a giant humanoid creature is caught in the field of energy emitting from the apparatus.
New Vegas, 23rd Century — a sprawling city huddling beneath an artificial atmospheric bubble on a distant moon. Pleasure seekers flock there from every corner of the galaxy, to take in the shows and play the tables in the huge casinos. But beneath the glitz and the glitter, organised crime rules the streets.
New companion of the Ninth Doctor, Adam Mitchell, takes his first trip in the TARDIS. The ship materialises in Satellite 5, a space station that broadcasts across the entire Fourth Great and Bountiful Human Empire. However, something is amiss: the Empire's attidude and technology is backwards, those who are promoted to Floor 500 simply disappear, humanity is possibly being manipulated by the news, and who exactly is the sinister Editor's employer?
Newly arrived colonists unwittingly threaten the survival of a giant coral brain when they set up base.
Nicholas Clement, who works for the King and Empire Railway Company, is one of the few employees left who have resisted the psychic control of the anomaly known as Kappa 12. He is fired from his job and tries to take some of the evidence with him, but is guarded by one of management's thugs. Suddenly there is a distraction in the rail yard, as a train is on fire. The guard runs to investigate, and the Doctor pops into Clement's office. The two leave the building and get into one of the trains.
Nixyce VII is under Dalek occupation. For many, their only hope of survival is decent medical care, as slave working conditions under the Dalek regime are appalling. But when you help people to survive under the rule of the Daleks, are you actually helping the Daleks? Med-tech Liv Chenka doesn't have the luxury of pondering these dilemmas. She must just do what she feels is right.
No one could ever know. We had to erase the past. Change everything. Start again.
No one lives to old age in the village. When their Time is come, they are taken and never seen again. That is The Way. And, should anyone try to break with the established order of things, then the fury of Herne the Hunter is unleashed...
No summer can ever quite be as glorious as the ones you remember from when you were young, when a sunny afternoon seemed to last forever and all there was to do was ride your bike, eat ice-lollies and play with Lego. Tom Braudy is enjoying just such an afternoon when the TARDIS lands in his Nan's living room and interrupts her in the middle of the snooker.
Norman Bean is reading a comic book when he is visited by what he thinks is a ghost. The ghost looks similar to his father but claims to be Normans older self, visiting Norman from thirty years in the future.
Not men, Ace. Silurians. The original rulers of the Earth.
Nothing has ever been officially confirmed, but there is a rumour that on a Sandminer bound for Kaldor City, the robots somehow turned homicidal and nearly wiped out the entire crew. Can that really be true?
November 1963, and the Soviet space programme reigns supreme. Having sent the first animals, then the first men beyond Earth's atmosphere, now they're sending a manned capsule into orbit around the Moon.
November 23rd 1963 proves to be a significant day in the lives of all eight Doctors...
Now that Peter's father is retired, he spends most of his time doing household projects. Peter and his mother go shopping and decide to buy some wicker garden furniture. Peter notices a strange man hanging around the furniture. The man, who calls himself the Doctor, says he is examining the furniture for sentience, then invites himself to a barbecue at Peter's house.
Now that the Doctor has control of his TARDIS, Jo can go wherever she chooses. She opts to attend the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament march in 1960, having heard many stories about it from her father.
Now travelling alone, the Doctor arrives in Detroit, 1970 for an Elvis Presley comeback gig but finds the streets away from the venue surprisingly quiet. While the Doctor searches for a chicken dinner he finds himself on the menu by a gang of Morphused who led by Zof'lya. Able to recognise a Time Lord from their files, he is a delicacy they thought they'd never get the chance to taste. The Doctor flees them hidding in the crowds of the comeback show the Doctor makes his way backstage to "Elvis" where, after securing the door with his sonic, the Doctor asks Elvis (aka an old friend Derek) for assistance. Embarrassed at being found out by the Doctor Derek doesn't want to be anyone's dessert so agrees to contact his ship. As the Morphuse break down the dressing room door they are teleported aboard Derek's spaceship tour bus and held in what used to be a cage for Drashigs. Safely contained the Doctor leaves Derek charged with dropping them off on a planet "where only cabbages grow!"
Nyssa will die at dawn, and the Doctor doesn't even know why.
October 1854: As the British Army charges into catastrophe in the Crimea, the Minister for War sends Miss Florence Nightingale to take charge of the field hospital at Scutari.
October 1944.
October, 1930. His Majesty's Airship, the R101, sets off on her maiden voyage to the farthest-flung reaches of the British Empire, carrying the brightest lights of the Imperial fleet. Carrying the hopes and dreams of a breathless nation.
Office life is tough, the commute is a grind, nothing works quite as well as you'd like. Vicki seems to remember things being better once, before the little flat. It's time she put some excitement back in her life. It's just a shame the Doctor can't help.
Olag was one of the lucky few to be allowed to hunt while his tribe were held as slaves by the "melters-of-rock". They had arrived in their metal ships and were now drilling down through the rock, ever forward towards the centre of the Earth. They forced his people to work the mines by their new masters. They were ape-like creatures who carried "thundersticks" that sent bolts of light capable of melting rock.
Omega, an ancient Time Lord made of pure anti-matter, once defeated by the Doctor, is plotting to cross over into this dimension by bonding with the Doctor. Meanwhile, the disappearance of a man in Amsterdam piques the curiosity of his cousin, Tegan, who previously left the Doctor at Heathrow Airport and now finds herself at Omega's mercy. Fearing total destruction from the collision of matter and antimatter, the Time Lords recall the Doctor to Gallifrey to undertake the only viable solution: executing him!
On 23 November 1963, the Fourth Doctor and K9 Mark II return to Totter's Lane to retrieve a Heshrax insect which he had been tracking the day that he left.
On Armstrong's Colony, Venetia is running away from a girl and a guy, from whom she stole some kind of device on the orders of her employer, Baron Denton de Kay Leigh. She loses control over her body, which takes her to the market square, and she starts having strange memories. At a jeweller's stand, she sees a blue box nearby, and it seems familiar. She touches it, and remembers that she's Charley Pollard.
On Christmas Eve 1975, Henry Bergson, while walking down the street in New York City, is being followed by a strange man. Most of the people are running for cover due to the Kellenian invasion overhead, but the strange man approaches Henry and calls him by name. Recognising that Henry is a bum, the man offers him a meal. They talk, and the man, who calls himself the Doctor, learns about Henry's childhood. As a child, Henry was interested in science, and for one Christmas he wanted a chemistry set, but his father didn't believe in him and refused to buy it.
On Deneb III, the Doctor finds an egg-shaped device and is teleported inside it. He is nearly the meal of two telepathic humanoid aliens. He is rescued when K9 shoots the egg with his laser, destroying it and restoring the Doctor to normal size.
On Earth in 2018, the Doctor and his companions are enmeshed in a deadly web of intrigue thanks to his uncanny resemblance to the scientist/politician Salamander. He is hailed as the "shopkeeper of the world" for his efforts to relieve global famine, but why do his rivals keep disappearing? How can he predict so many natural disasters? The Doctor must expose Salamander's schemes before he takes over the world.
On Earth, John and Gillian meet their grandfather, the Doctor. They travel in the TARDIS to the 30th century, where the Kleptons are attacking the peaceful Thains. The travellers help them repel the invaders, follow the Kleptons to their secret underwater city and defeat their plans.
On February 9, 1783, a funeral was held in the tunnels at the dead heart of London. It was the funeral of a warrior and a conjurer, a paladin and an oracle, the last of an ancient breed who'd once stood between the Earth and the bloodiest of its nightmares.
On New Year's Eve, 1930, the Eighth Doctor lets Charley keep her appointment at the Raffles Hotel in Singapore. But his unease at what he's done to time by saving her life soon turns into fear. Sebastian Grayle: immortal, obsessed, ruthless, has come to the city to meet the Time Lord. To the Doctor, he's a complete stranger, but to Grayle, the Doctor is an old enemy.
On Saturn, officers Buc and Huc are on patrol when they receive a signal stating that a denial is in progress. Meanwhile, the Doctor and Nyssa have seated themselves at a café to have some tea. Nyssa sees two young people trying in vain to find seats, and invites them to sit with her and the Doctor. They introduce themselves as Hel and Keet.
On Tigella, two opposing factions are irrevocably divided over one fundamental issue: the Dodecahedron, a mysterious artefact which provides the entire planet's energy. With the Savants and the Deons locked in a crippling stalemate, and their civilisation on the brink of collapse, the Tigellan leader Zastor seeks the Doctor's help. But the Doctor and Romana have been trapped aboard the TARDIS in a timeloop by Meglos, the last of the Zolpha Thurans, who will stop at nothing to steal back the awesome power of the Dodecahedron.
On Tuesday, Miranda Peel meets the Doctor on the London Underground. A friendship quickly blooms between the two and the Doctor offers to buy her a drink. At the bar, Miranda tells the Doctor about the horoscopes she likes to read in 24/7 magazine. The Doctor shows concern as Miranda explains that she lets the horoscopes make most of her life decisions for her. She explains that she has become more confident and happy in life since she started reading them, and that she feels like they are speaking to her as they are often phrased in ways that are directly relevant to Miranda's life.
On Wednesday 27 February 1985 the BBC announced that their longest running sci-fi series, Doctor Who, was to be suspended. Anxious fans worldwide, worried that this might mean an end to the Time Lord's travels, flooded the BBC with letters of protest. Eighteen months later the show returned to the TV screens.
On Xaos, the oldest planet in Mutter's Spiral, the Sixth Doctor gathers his allies to face the Skeletoid menace.
On a beach, a teenaged boy called Lewis has found some treasure, only to spot a monster rising behind him. The Doctor grabs Lewis and the two head for higher ground.
On a brisk winter's morning in 1850s Yorkshire, Cuthbert, head of the intergalactic business known as "The Conglomerate" prepares to hijack a very special train.
On a colonial supply base on Figaro Xll, Doctor Trudo's experiment (477/B12) goes wrong when the base's particle accelerator shows an energy spike and looks like exploding. Before Trudo can shut it down, a  new atomic particle breaks free from the machine and forces Trudo to do its bidding...
On a dark, stormy night, two children, Kerri and Joe, explore Harcourt Manor, which is rumoured to be haunted. In the dusty and rat-riddled house they find a ghostly figure in the drawing room. The door is locked; they are unable to escape. The children are spooked even more as the "wheezing, groaning" sound of the TARDIS is heard, announcing the arrival of two more figures, the Doctor and Amy, at the top of the stairs.
On a lonely stretch of Welsh coastline a fisherman is killed by a hideous creature from beneath the waves. When the Doctor and Rose arrive, they discover a village where the children are plagued by nightmares, and the nights are ruled by monsters.
On a planet called Heaven, all hell is breaking loose.
On a planet filled with strange wild butterflies, the TARDIS travellers meet Professor Gnat, a zany butterfly collector. When the Doctor finds a dead cybermat, he knows the Cybermen are close but Gnat doesn't heed his warning and is captured and taken to a Cyber-City. The Doctor looks for more dead cybermats, deducing the flowers' odour is deadly to the Cybermen. Using the flowers they enter the city and free Gnat. Using a ray gun, the Doctor tunnels their way out, but causes a cave-in behind them. The Cybermen think they're dead. The travellers escape and head for the TARDIS while Cybermen fire at them and escape just as Gnat catches a butterfly for his collection.
On a planet in the far future, Frankie and his fellow robots have been consigned to the Scrapheap, doomed to explore no further than the limits of the artificial Wall. Life goes on, day after day — until a monster appears in their midst. It lives alone in a small hut on the edge of Scrapyard, and scours at night for the remains of dead robots. Frankie sets out to confront the monster in its lair. Its name? The Doctor!
On a planet parched through lack of rain the time travellers fall in with the owners of a plantation who are fighting to stave off imminent over-running by a legion of ferocius Black Scorpi insects. The Doctor helps them and is also instrumental in getting the rains to fall again.
On a rather unsuccessful Mars colony, murders have been taking place.
On a remote human colony planet, under the cover of a protective dome, young Diana Winter summons the TARDIS. Brought to her side by the power of a mysterious calling card, the Doctor and Clara are given one of their unlikeliest assignments yet. Yet it is one that will have far-reaching consequences...
On a remote planet, Commander Hon finds his hunting activities disrupted by the Sixth Doctor, who thinks his prey is not what it seems.
On a research station near a black hole, time keeps standing still. Investigating the phenomenon, the Doctor, Jamie and Victoria discover a power far greater than any of the monsters that have challenged them on their travels... The Doctor's own people.
On a return trip for the Doctor to Whitby (where Dracula came ashore long ago), the Doctor and Donna witness a damaged short-range shuttle scout ship heading out to sea. The TARDIS follows the heat trail and lands on board an oil rig in the middle of the North Sea. Using his psychic paper, the Doctor convinces the crew he is an electrical engineer.
On a supposedly relaxing forest planet, the Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams find themselves surrounded by the Propheetis, a war-hungry and ruthless species believed destroyed in the battle of the Cran Movement. These remaining Propheetis are welcoming and take them to the castle as guests. The Doctor and his friends are shown the laboratories. With their new sense of peace, the Propheetis, have been using the latest technology to rebuild themselves. So far the technology is unreliable and doesn't always do as it's told.
On a visit to early 20th century Earth, Vicki receives a warning — if she leaves in the TARDIS, then she will die.
On a war-ravaged alien world, the Doctor and Emily fight to save Matthew from the Advocate, while avoiding a planetwide civil war and a space-and-time misplaced Edwardian Torchwood, still hunting the Doctor since The Time Machination ! Everything leads to this point — but who will die?
On a world occupied by Gati invaders, the Doctor recruits "fashion genegineer" Lady Bazima to help him wage a silent rebellion. Whilst performing genetic alterations to her clients, Bazima introduces small mutations that will make her people stronger over the next few generations for them to rise up against their oppressors and free their world.
On a world settled by colonists from Earth, the Governor strikes a deal with seven shadowy figures, the Quell, to rid him of a nuisance colonist.
On an alien planet, Donna meets a fortune teller, who launches her into a world based on one question: "What would happen if Donna never met the Tenth Doctor?" Without the Doctor, the whole world is in ruin, and a mysterious blonde tries to warn Donna of the oncoming darkness... Now a simple refugee, Donna is the only one who can undo the damage. But how?
On an almost lifeless planet in a remote star system, Earth Colony Phoenix is struggling to survive. The colonists, utterly dependent on transmat technology and unable to leave the security of their Habitat Domes, have developed severe agoraphobia... not to mention an inability to deal with visitors...
On an arid market world, not dissimilar to a middle-eastern bazaar on Earth, the Doctor treats Leela to a day of shopping.
On an island in the East Indies, in a lost city buried deep in the heart of the rainforest, agents of the most formidable powers in the galaxy are gathering. They have been invited there to bid for what could turn out to be the deadliest weapon ever created.
On an isolated world ravaged by battle, time itself has become a weapon, laying waste to all who live and die there. Arms and technology are in a state of flux — and it seems that everlasting war is their only option.
On an old Earth colony, Tegan is a captive of Anna in a little room. Anna is the only survivor of her colony, which had been attacked by aliens. She has been alone for a long time. Anna ties Tegan to a chair to keep her from leaving with the Doctor and Nyssa in the TARDIS.
On an unnamed planet far off the beaten track, a planet that appears quieter than Bassingstoke on a Sunday, the Tenth Doctor and Martha Jones come across a silvery humanoid figure unconscious near to a city. An inspection with the sonic screwdriver reveals the creature to have been born of living metal. As they attend to the creature, they are met by two more such creatures, this timed armed.
On nineteenth-century Earth, artist Edvard Munch hears an infinite scream pass through nature. Centuries later, his painting of that Scream hangs in a gallery on the barren dust world Duchamp 331.
On the asteroid Demon's Run, Amy Pond has given birth. But the villainous Madame Kovarian and the religious order of the silence are waiting to make a collection that tears Amy's world apart. Across the galaxy, the Eleventh Doctor and Rory Williams are assembling an army to fight the battle that lies ahead, whilst in Stormcage, River Song prepares to escape for what may be the last time. For this is the battle of Demon's Run. On this day, the Doctor will rise higher than ever and fall so much further, and finally, this is the day he discovers who River Song is...
On the command deck of a gas dredger, Norma Kelligan hears the voice of her dead husband in her head. She is brought back to reality by her first officer, David Nkoto. The cargo thruster is ready to launch. She contacts the refinery and coordinates with Hendryk Koopmaan to launch the thruster. The ship shakes as the view screen shows the thruster explode.
On the desert planet of Baktek, the Tenth Doctor and Donna Noble begin experiencing illusions: Donna of her mother's kitchen on Earth; the Doctor of Gallifrey. On encountering a Judoon troop, the Doctor learns that the illusion field was established for the protection of an Adipose brood who now have to be rescued from the planet.
On the desert world of Bruvoldaveer, the Eleventh Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams befriend one of the last tribes trading at the outpost of the ancient Salt Trail. Only the bravest warriors remain to collect the salt and risk death at the hands of a monster in the dunes. When the 'monster' appears the Doctor identifies it as a Natrium Worm — a creature that lives and thrives on pure salt. The worm has detected the tribe's salt supplies.
On the edge of the universe, the Doctor, Leela and K9 encounter a Minyan ship on an epic quest to find their race banks... but their people have encountered the Time Lords before.
On the eve of the Draconian Klotth'Yaar celebration, Earth President Madam Vera Fusek is kidnapped from the Earth Parliament Building by Atomon, a half-vegetated cyborg posing as an ambassador from the rim colonies. The news is seen by the Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams while Amy is out shopping for clothes in a mall, just before all the robots and Dronebots turn on the shoppers.
On the human colony planet Nocturne, there is suffering and blight, tragic symptoms of an ages-old war. Nevertheless, Nocturne is also one of the Doctor's favourite places in all of time and space, because it is here that a late, great flowering of human art — the High Renaissance — is taking place.
On the jungle planet Garros, Earth Forces Knight Commander-in-Chief Greg Saraton and his team are hunting gigantic beasts, for sport. When the Doctor and Leela arrive, they are caught up in a web of intrigue where there is no clear friend or foe.
On the legendary lost planet of Sendos, the Doctor and Peri find themselves caught up in the hunt for the cache of galaxy-busting super-weapons stored in its fabled Armoury.
On the morning of 12 October 2021, Hex woke up. He was expecting to go to work at St. Gart's in London as normal and, that evening, have a great time in the bar of the White Rabbit, celebrating his 23rd birthday.
On the morning of 22 September 2006, Tegan woke up. She was expecting to spend the day relaxing at home and, that evening, tolerate a party thrown to celebrate her 46th birthday.
On the morning of 9 May 1984, Peri woke up. She was expecting to spend the day relaxing in Lanzarote and, that evening, leave her mother and stepfather to go travelling with some guys she'd only just met.
On the mythical "haunted planet", the Doctor's group is sentenced to death by Zentor: master of the Abode of the Supernatural. But Zentor is no ghost, rather he is a super-criminal perfecting a gas that will poison the atmospheres of every planet in the Universe.
On the normally peaceful planet of Cobaltikar 45, the Doctor in the course of helping Decky Flamboon find the co-ordinates that can take him home, the Doctor is investigating a signal that is drawing energy from the universal atmosphere. The signal is traced to a replica of the Eiffel Tower which is responsible for the energy drain that could turn the planet to dust. Using the sonic screwdriver the Doctor is able to turn off the tower but it has been acting as a prison for Cobalikbot Acorn Delta a rogue robot that made illegal modifications to itself that posed a threat to the whole universe. Free from its prison, Acorn Delta goes on a rampage and indiscriminate destruction. Drawing its fire, Decky and the Doctor trick Acorn Delta into blasting the structural supports of the Eiffel Tower. The Tower then collapses and traps it. With a wave of his sonic screwdriver the Doctor reveals some Brancheerian symbols, coordinates for Decky's homeworld. It appears that it was a Brancheerian that "sold" the Eiffel Towers measurements and replicant tower in exchange for Cobaltikar Ore. Decky is appalled that the landmark was "sold" but is closer to finding his way home.
On the other side of the galaxy a mining company is exploiting the already unstable planet of Syra for every precious mineral it contains. River Song is attempting to save the native people. She needs the Doctor's help, but she also knows he mustn't yet discover her true identity. The final confrontation sees the Doctor once again face his enemy the Eleven in an attempt to prevent the destruction of Syra and the genocide of its inhabitants.
On the planet Anclodupon the Doctor and Clara become involved in exposing a corrupt talent show live on TV.
On the planet Aquatica, the Doctor and Professor Vittorio Levi are taken hostage by the Medusians. Sarah Jane must meddle in a battle that rages across three kingdoms.
On the planet Cray, it's game time...
On the planet Darathos, the Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams visit an abandoned alien art gallery. It's a Time Gallery that displays pictures of future selves, pictures from a few minutes or even years ahead. Amy looks worried in her picture and it's not long before the travellers are hiding from the arrival of a group of Skavengers about to raid the gallery of its technology.
On the planet Entusso, the Doctor and Fitz Kreiner investigate Alien Defence Incorporated — your one-stop shop for protection against extraterrestrial invasion! But which is the greatest menace: the hideous Vermin Queens or ADI itself?
On the planet Florana the deep sea dwelling Teuthida are brought to the surface and disturbed by the increasing number of tourists.
On the planet Folly,  justice catches up with criminal mastermind "the Doctor" — but can he endure a year in the jug?
On the planet Funderell you can walk on the ocean. The surface holds you when you move, but if you stand still, you sink. Lights shift in the fathoms and great shapes move beneath your feet - schools of giant electric eels known as Sleek.
On the planet Go-Ray the Doctor, Gillian and John are accused by the inhabitants (who move on wheels not legs) of depleting their nuclear pile's supply of cardium. But, with a little ingenuity, the Doctor is able to restore their power and is granted freedom in return.
On the planet Kandalath, the Eleventh Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams are enjoying a beautiful world, full of amazing creatures, from the back of Halohawks — equine  creatures that fly through the sky. Willing beasts of burden, they offer transportation for the Kandalath in return for having their young fed — symbiosis.
On the planet Karfel and in 1885 Scotland, the Sixth Doctor and Peri, together with a young man named Herbert, become entangled with the machinations of the despotic Borad.
On the planet Medattia rival tribes are worried about people going missing — believed to have been eaten by the Gibwyn.
On the planet Nefrin, long before Earth was even formed, a woman named Brimo was sentenced to imprisonment in the Eternity Capsule for using her psychic powers to conspire to "pervert the course of destiny". Brimo was confined in the capsule for aeons until Nefrin's sun collapsed and became a black hole.
On the planet Neto, the TARDIS materialises embedded in stone! Even greater danger is to be found inside where the Doctor and K9 are chased by a monster that has hidden away in the TARDIS since his first incarnation!
On the planet Smilonda the top holiday destination in the 423rd century, a disgruntled holiday-maker, Grone, plans his revenge on all the tourists who have spoilt the place. Grone has been visiting regularly since a child and remembers the planet in the old days, when it was lovely and peaceful.
On the planet Vespin, the Sixth Doctor and his allies must put an end to the Skeletoid menace.
On the planet Vortis, the Doctor, Ian, Barbara and Vicki are swept up in the struggles of the butterfly-like Menoptera, the original denizens of Vortis who were forced to flee the planet for the moon Pictos to escape the encroaching web of the Animus and its mind-controlled minions, the ant-like Zarbi, and their living weapons, the larvae guns.
On the planet of Galactica Minor, the Doctor teaches a nosy reporter a lesson.
On the point of death after absorbing a vast amount of radiation during his final encounter with the Spider Queen on Metebelis III, the Third Doctor stumbles out of the TARDIS, searching for Sarah Jane Smith. Instead, he finds himself in an isolated Time Paradox ruled by an unknown psychic force, stuck on Saturday 8 April, and populated by people without names. Anyone disobeying the rules or showing any sign of dissent is swept up into the Gyre. Can the Doctor persuade whatever – or whoever – controls the Gyre to free the Village, before he dies of radiation poisoning?
On the purple planet of Corah the Doctor is captured by a military research team led by Professor Slade. By a nearby lake are crude, human-shaped statues which give off a faint electrical signal.
On the set of a busy Hollywood movie in the late 1920s, a damsel is in distress! As cameras roll, she opens her mouth to scream and... nothing comes out. Nothing at all. It's happened again.
On the trail of Astrolabus, the Sixth Doctor and Frobisher find themselves in a land of make-believe where nothing is real.
On the very edge of the galaxy lies Akoshemon: a putrefied world of legendary evil.
On their mission to explore the Mariana Trench at the very bottom of the ocean, the deepest and most inhospitable place on Earth, the crew of the deep sea vehicle Erebus make an unusual and startling discovery.
Onboard a sailing ship in the middle of the Battle of Trafalgar, the sailing crew explain to the Eleventh Doctor and Amy Pond that they are on the run from a sea monster that came out of the fog, a giant metal beast (believed by the crew to be the Kraken).
Onboard the TARDIS, Ben becomes alarmed when he spots an oncoming fleet of ships, which the Second Doctor tells him are on their way to invade Earth.
Onboard the TARDIS, nerves are strained.
Once again, the TARDIS displays its preference for the grimy, the odious and the dangerous — and, finding himself lost and alone in the dark heart of a gigantic spacecraft, the Doctor has no way of knowing that a cosmic catastrophe is waiting to happen...
Once before the Doctor battled the sadistic Rocket Men and once before he won. But when the dreaded pirates of the skies raid a remote frontier planet, he's not the only member of the TARDIS crew for whom they are old enemies.
Once it was a mining facility. Then later its corridors rang with screams generated by grotesque military experiments. However when the Doctor and Mel arrive on a hostile alien world after detecting a distress signal, the base they find themselves in is almost deserted.
Once the best sanitary engineers in the solar system is now relegated to "snag finding" in the lower levels of Space Station Alpha, (the largest artificial satellite in orbit around the Earth in the year 3769). Welding Robot X-5 "Bert" and his mate Jimmy are carrying out routine inspection of a waste outlet pipe that appears to have gone missing. Jimmy is working on snag-finding duties to raise money to repair the broken bionic rivet gun attached to his arm. When it is fixed they can return to the top executive levels, working for better credits.
Once upon a time...
Once, long ago, in a land of monsters and corridors, a fair maiden was captured, and placed in a deep sleep.
One Christmas Eve, as Santa is flying through the air, he sees a large blue box in his path. Instead of colliding with it, he and his sleigh end up inside it.
One Christmas a tramp saves up enough money to buy himself a bottle of champagne. A passerby knocks it out of his hand before he can drink it. He wishes to end his life and stands in the middle of the road to be hit by a bus. He is saved by the Seventh Doctor, who claims to be trying to get one over on his enemy, Death.
One day Lillian Robinson robs a stagecoach. As she escapes those pursuing her, she comes across the Fourth Doctor and Leela, who are looking for a circus. She offers to take them to see the Wolf-People, who are a group of people living with wolves. The Doctor is concerned, because there aren't supposed to be wolves in Australia in 1876.
One day after a normal day at work berating his underlings, Mark Thorne ends up in the TARDIS. He notes the presence of the Doctor and Turlough before he loses consciousness. When he wakes up, he leaves the TARDIS to find himself on an alien planet. Aliens, the Shev, are threatening the Doctor and Turlough. Mark heads in the other direction and meets two Shev, Trawets and Syhr. For some time he cooks for them, but then they make him part of their hunt. Mark runs away, heading for the TARDIS, into which he can see the Doctor and Turlough enter, but they don't know he has left and the TARDIS takes off, leaving Mark behind.
One empire has fallen and another has taken its place. The race known as the Wrath are expanding into new territory. Only the Earth Empire stands in their way.
One morning, in every city and town in the world, the human race wakes up to face the most surprising invasion yet.
One night, Bobby Zierath hears strange noises in his closet. He opens it to discover that the TARDIS has materialised inside. He joins the Doctor, Steven and Vicki for a series of adventures. They visit a planet with giant talking mushrooms (called "mooshroos" by Vicki) and ancient Rome, fight robots that looked like drills, rescue Vicki from the "Most High" and meet Conidrons and the Zaksi. Bobby is returned to his home moments after he left (by repeatedly pressing the fast return switch) and leaves the TARDIS with HiFi, given to him by Steven.
One of the Doctor's prized possessions goes missing on an alien planet.
One of the strangest sections of the Shakespeare Notebooks comprises a form of "dream diary", in which he apparently recorded characters, situations and images that had come to him in his sleep.
One single coin can set off a fascinating sequence of events... if you're a Time Lord.
One would-be assassin is in a mental ward. Another's on the run. Their intended victim is stirring up the mobs. Terrorists are planning a strike of their own. A talk-radio host is loving every minute of it. A Whitehall insider whispers about a mysterious UN operative, with a hidden agenda. Everyone's got someone they want to be afraid of. It'll only take a little push for the situation to erupt — and something is doing the pushing. But you can trust the Doctor to put things right. Can't you?
One wouldn't normally expect to find elephants, gorillas and rhinoceroses roaming free in Suffolk in the year 1911. One wouldn't normally expect to find an extra-dimensional police box at the same time/space location either. Two aliens, named the Doctor and Nyssa, exit said box, only to find themselves pursued by a hungry lioness – for they've landed in the private hunting grounds of the famous explorer Nathaniel Whitlock, who's brought together a motley group of friends and acquaintances for a weekend's shooting.
One year later, the Master and the Toclafane are rulers of Earth, which is torn apart by a year of hell. The Tenth Doctor has been aged 900 years, and Jack Harkness and the Jones family have been reduced to slavery on the Master's ship, the Valiant. The only hope for everyone on Earth is Martha Jones, now a legend amongst humanity. As the Master prepares to turn the Earth into a giant warship that will ultimately engulf the rest of the universe, Martha must trek through dangerous territory to destroy him, but tragedy awaits her, the Doctor and her family on the day that will pit humanity against the stars...
Only the Elite know what is being built in the city of Peorek on the planet Ninsul but whatever it is, is it a real threat to the people of Sokkar?
Opportunity knocks in postwar London. But when a tea leaf steals from the wrong woman it becomes a race against time to discover the truth. Only some truths are best left untold.
Orbiting a quiet backwater planet, the massed forces of the universe's deadliest species gather, drawn to a mysterious message that echoes out to the stars - among them, the Doctor. Rescuing Clara from a family Christmas dinner, the Time Lord and his companion must learn what this enigmatic signal means for his own fate and that of the universe.
Ostend, 1913. War is coming. A war in which millions will die. And the guest in suite 139 of the Hotel Palace Thermae knows it. Which is odd, considering he has trotters, a snout and a lovely curly tail.
Out to solve the mystery of people disappearing on the moor the Doctor and Clara encounter treasure hunting spiders living deep underground.
Over the course of seemingly unrelated adventures, the Doctor and Martha find that events are being manipulated by an alien Pantheon who need the Doctor to clean up their mess. They are simply looking for the best milkshakes in the cosmic galaxy, when a heap of trouble occurs.
Panic ensues when stone lions come to life in nineteenth century London... and the Fifth Doctor is stuck on the top of Nelson's Column.
Parada, leader of the Groobs, attacks the peaceful inhabitants of Zenos with his petrifying ray, and then sets about removing some of the planet's natural resources.  The Zenosians, neither dead nor able to move, cannot oppose him.
Patricia Hopkins is hit by a car and dies of her injuries. She awakens in Carnon Manor, home of Lord Nicholas Carnon, and is welcomed by Richard and Jean Ferris.
Paul Forbes is in trouble. Foolishly, he has chosen to drive across the Gibson Desert on an ill-advised summer trip between Darwin and Alice Springs. His Land Rover doesn't like it. After it overheats near Barrow Creek, he is forced to stop in the blazing sun in the hopes that his engine will somehow cool down.
Paul is designated to be the anchorite for his church. He is walled up in his cell in the church, and it is his task to pray for his parishioners. However, a plague hits the town, and one by one many of the parishioners die. The anchorite dies too, but his spirit remains in the cell.
Peggy Garratt is shopping one day when she collides with the Doctor and Turlough. She spills her groceries, and the Doctor helps her pick them up. She heads home and finds that her husband, Stan, has come home early because the factory at which he works has shut down. Peggy finds a necklace in her groceries that must belong to the Doctor. She contemplates wearing it next week to a party. She and Stan are worried that someone will know they have it and try to steal it, so he takes it to hide it and then put a lost-and-found ad in the newspaper.
People are dying. Just a few, over a period of months... but the strange thing is that each person received a letter predicting the date and time of their death.
People laughed at John Dee for years, dismissing the astrologer as a madman or a fraud. Then one day a face appeared in his mirror, a face that was not his own. He was given secrets from beyond time: how to mix potions; how to tame the elements; even how to trap a demon. But Dee’s magic was lost, his library ransacked, his spells and hexes stolen. A dread prophecy was made: "the Earth will burn"...
Perhaps sensing the Fourth Doctor's deepening mood of introspective melancholy, the TARDIS lands in the most haunted place on Earth, the luxury ocean liner the Queen Mary on its way from Southampton to New York in the year 1963.
Peri Brown has put the Sixth Doctor on a strict healthy diet of vegetables and fruits in order for him to lose weight. Accidentally activating the Doctor's personal reality warp, Peri finds herself having to deal with vegetables on another level entirely.
Peri and the Doctor return, four weeks later, to a village they had visited "yesterday". The Doctor looks forward to watching a cricket match, but as they make their way to the village fête, a sharp, loud sound hits them. The Doctor thinks he can make out words in the sound they heard, but the message was too fast, so they head back to the TARDIS so the Doctor can build a contraption to slow down the transmission.
Peri hasn't been time-travelling for long and is just getting used to the Doctor and the TARDIS. The Doctor's such a sweet, friendly guy and the TARDIS keeps leaving her little presents, which is neat. When the TARDIS takes them to a party of super-advanced humans on a pleasure-planetoid in the far future (even neater!), Peri falls for the charms of the local hunk and finds herself flying headlong into a quite different form of time-travel...
Peri is searching the Doctor's coat pockets for a pen when she finds a piece of paper. It has coordinates on it, and the Doctor decides they should explore. He inputs the numbers from the paper as Peri reads them, though he insists the last number is a "6", not a "5".
Peri wanders the TARDIS, thinking about leaving the Doctor. The Doctor is in the console room, trying to figure out what is wrong with the TARDIS.
Peri's life is in danger when the Doctor and she land on a planet populated with mysterious holograms...
Perihelion Night on the wooded moon Verd. A time of strange sightings, ghosts, and celebration before the morn, when Lord Esnic marries the beautiful Lady Ria. However, Ria has other ideas, and flees through the gravity wells which dot the moon to meet with her true love, Tonio. When the Doctor and Jo arrive on Verd, drawn down by the fluctuating gravity, they find themselves involved in the unpredictable events of Perihelion.
Perseus Dynamics has suffered a hacker attack. Julia Carthy, David Gordon and Simon Ordell are meeting to discuss the situation. All information, including that of the Peacekeeper project, has been wiped. Gordon, from Perseus security, is currently having the staff checked out, knowing that most hacker attacks come from within. An investigator from CMO, the company that commissioned the Peacekeeper project, is arriving soon, and Ordell is assigned to be his guide.
Pete Alan Tyler, the father of Rose and husband of Jackie, died on 7 November 1987, the day of Stuart Hoskins and Sarah Clark's wedding. Rose was just a baby at the time, Jackie told the young Rose that nobody was there for Pete when he died and that the hit-and-run driver was never found...
Philip Fowler, a lift porter at a hotel in London, encounters a strange man on the day that Edward VII dies. The man, who calls himself the Doctor, enters the lift and demands to be taken to the fifth floor as he is searching for a particular threat. Fowler begins to speak of the revolution and change that will come about after Edward's death. The Doctor realises that Fowler is the threat he has been seeking. He informs Fowler that he is nothing more than one of several programs that have been activated today on the death of the king. These programs were created to incite revolution. The Doctor deactivates Fowler.
Philip Hinchcliffe, acclaimed producer of Doctor Who (1975-77) returns to tell new stories for the Fourth Doctor and Leela.
Picking up a distress call from the edge of the known universe, the Doctor and Sarah Jane find themselves on Zeta Minor where a geological team has run afoul of some strange goings on...
Planet E9874 supports a developing civilisation known as the Tarl. The peaceful, technologically advanced Locoyuns are helping the Tarl develop rudimentary technology. What could be more innocent than that?
Planet Samur was once a peaceful haven. Pilgrims journeyed across the seven galaxies to meditate in the courtyards of the vast Citadel that spanned its equator. It was Samur's misfortune, however, to find itself situated on the furthermost frontier in the eternal war between the amoeboid Rutan Host and the belligerent, troll-like Sontarans...
Policeman Tom Campbell stumbles into Tardis on a normal day and ends up being taken to 2150 A.D. by Dr. Who. The future seems to be deserted, but the group soon finds out that the world is controlled by the evil Daleks. The human survivors hide, lest they be turned into Robomen. The Doctor teams up with the survivors to take down the Daleks.
Prague, 1989: Patrick Lake and his family are desperate to return to London, but Patrick is hiding a dark secret from his wife — he is a British spy working undercover to bring down Yuri Azarov, a man whose rise to power leaves devastation for all. Patrick finds an ally in a traveller called the Doctor, a man whose name echoes throughout history, according to Patrick's associate Hugo Wilding. But the Doctor's attempt to discover the truth leaves Patrick's family — and Rory — at the mercy of Yuri and his sinister, inhuman, sidekick...
Prime Soup is being advertised on Television across the country. Kids love it. Just as Katy and her Dad are about to open a tin fresh back from the shopping, the Eleventh Doctor and Amy Pond burst in through a window.
Prince Tarvick is on the run from his people. As warp torpedoes head for his spaceship, the Valentine, he vows to avenge his people. The warp torpedoes hit the ship.
Professor Litefoot and Henry Gordon Jago are accustomed to the murky fog of Victorian London and the palatable pints of half and half at the Red Tavern. They are not used to travelling through time and space with their old friend the Doctor.
Promising his companion, Peri, high society elegance in fin-de-siecle London, the Sixth Doctor manages to hit the right time, but the wrong place...
Pursued by Wrarth Warriors, Beep the Meep crashes his craft in Blackcastle, where he is found and hidden by school children Sharon and Fudge. The Doctor follows the flames of the neutron drive star cruiser and investigates, unaware that he is leading the Wrarth Warriors directly to the Meep. The Warriors attack K9, making him useless. After he has sent the Meep with Sharon for safety, the Doctor learns from the Wrarth officers, Sergeant Zogroth and Constable Zreeg, that Beep is being hunted by the Wrarth (biological constructs of the five strongest races in the galaxy) for unspeakable crimes.
Put all your worries behind you.
Rachel is being paid to take care of three people, namely the Second Doctor, Jamie McCrimmon and Victoria Waterfield, who have no faces. They are somehow able to see, hear, talk and eat. Rachel has a routine for taking care of them. They stay in a room in the basement of her house, and she locks them in at night. They stay in the house every day except Thursday, which is the day Rachel takes them to see the Face-Painter. He is a tattoo artist who paints faces on them.
Receiving a call for help from his old friend Winston Churchill, the Eleventh Doctor and Amy Pond head for World War II to assist the Prime Minister. Once there, though, the Doctor reunites with his greatest enemies, the scum of the universe — the Daleks. But why are these survivors passing themselves off as man-made weapons? And why don't they recognise the Doctor? What could these "Ironsides" have planned?
Recuperating after the trauma of his recent regeneration, the Eighth Doctor falls foul of a final booby trap set by his arch-enemy, the Master.
Relaxing in the TARDIS after their strenuous but enjoyable day, the Doctor and Romana muse that it's not so bad where they are. They have fun every day. The details of what they do may change from day to day, but perhaps it doesn't matter.
Remember the successful comic book based on internet rumours of the Doctor's life – the smash-hit "TIME SURGEON"? Well, the Doctor does, and he's not happy with all the entertaining lies the writer and artist have made up about him!
Reports are coming in to UNIT of trains emerging from a railway tunnel in Sussex, their passengers and drivers dead. The Doctor elects to drive a train through the tunnel himself, but when he emerges Jo sees to her horror that he is covered in ice. Something in the tunnel has driven him close to the point of death. What can it be?
Responding to a desperate summons from the Doctor's future self, he and Peri find themselves on a sailing ship in 1492, where the crewmen are gripped by superstitious fear. They say the Devil walks among them, stalking and striking them down.
Responding to a salvage team's distress call, the Doctor and Leela arrive on a crippled space ship. Its owners, the Hihmakk, are a secretive race of space mariners whose navigation skills make them the envy of the galaxy. The salvage team are long dead, but their last log entries speak of a spectre stalking the ship's halls, picking them off one by one. When the pair become separated, Leela must fight for survival whilst the Doctor seeks to understand the nature of the ghost...
Responding to multiple maydays, the TARDIS lands on the planet of Death's Deal, but the distress calls are old, the final echoes of terrified lost souls. This is an exotic world of lethal creatures, nicknamed "the Deadliest Planet in the Galaxy", and only the brave, foolhardy or greedy would ever dare to visit.
Returning Heather to Edinburgh University so she can attend one of Professor Bailey's tutorials, the Tenth Doctor heads off to the canteen to kill some time. Heather finds the Professor tied up, and the students possessed by an old enemy, the Mozhtratta, whom she met when she first met the Doctor.
Returning to Earth in normal space, the Doctor's flight is disturbed by a sonic weapon that seems to originate on a remote Scottish island. He lands the TARDIS there to find two seemingly unrelated things: a Ministry of Defence installation and a natural bird sanctuary that seems very much disturbed. At the installation, he is treated as a spy until his identity is confirmed by the Brigadier. He quickly determines that the new defence satellite jointly launched by the British and American defence establishments is malfunctioning, causing sound waves in a range typically only heard by animals. These waves are driving animals crazy around the planet.
Returning to Earth, and the Powell Estate, the Doctor and Rose pay her mum, Jackie, a visit. They find winter has shown up three months early. The flats are covered in snow and ice, inside and out.
Returning to Earth, the Doctor is reunited with UNIT — and some of his old enemies — the Skith. As a master plan to crack the codes of time travel gets underway, the Doctor, Majenta and UNIT must race against time to stop the Skith leader from avenging the destruction of his home world by wreaking havoc across the Earth...
Reunited with his old friend Hattie Munroe, the Doctor takes her for the best fish and chips in the galaxy, in a sleepy seaside town in the 1970s. But there's something ancient and evil beneath the waves, something that has mired its twisted tentacles into the local people, something that weaves itself into Hattie's dreams and drags itself up onto land in mounds of shambling seaweed.
Reunited with the Doctor and Nyssa, Tegan joins them on a trip to Amsterdam's Rijkmuseum to see a new exhibition of the work of Rembrandt van Rijn, featuring his drawings of "Vessels of the Stars". The Doctor is astonished to discover that they are designs for spaceships that would actually work, and decides to pop back to the Dutch Golden Age for a quiet word with Rembrandt – but the world-weary artist is no mood to help.
Reverend Ernest Trelaw wonders if she'll stay, but Saul doesn't think she will. Outside the church, Emily Hutchings and Ace walk around it anti-clockwise, talking about various events and the Doctor's treatment of Ace. Emily asks why he's so horrible to her. Ace explains they were in the TARDIS lab. She had a new batch of Nitro-9 and the Doctor was working on a cube, and when she asked him about it he freaked and she left. She wonders if the TARDIS will still be there when she goes back and wonders if she cares. They sit down and wonder if other buildings are inhabited like Saul inhabits the church, joking that offices would be dull and pubs would be drunk. The Doctor appears and says in an even tone "I'm sorry. Forgive me." Ace seems to shake her head and leaves with him, telling Emily she'll be back, but Emily wonders if she will.
Rhakotis' ship crashes on a watery planet, and he thinks he is going to die. However, he survives the crash, though injured, and hopes that where there is water, there is intelligent life.
Richard Charlesworth is a volunteer at Charnage House. One night he hears Captain Hawkins and Corporal Gaunt discussing the house, which, as  Gaunt informs the Captain, the men don't like. Charlesworth interrupts them to report.
Roanoke Island, 1590.
Robots from the Doctor's future pursue the TARDIS through the Vortex to punish him for crimes against the Glorious Robot King and the Eternal Dynasty.
Rock Quasar prepares to go hand-to-hand in combat against the giant slugs. The Eleventh Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams arrive only to discover it is Hollywood in 1932. The action is taking place on a film set. Rory is excited to see his hero. He has long been a fan of Rock Quaser films. The "awesome" hero, Rick "Crusty" Cobbe, is the star of a series of box office hit films.
Roll up! Roll up! To the great Viennese Exposition, where showman Stahlbaum will show you his most wonderful creation, the Silver Turk — a mechanical marvel that will not only play for you the fortepiano, the spinet and the flute, it will play you at the gaming table too!
Romana and the Doctor pay a visit to Arkinen, Destroyer of Galaxies, who is working in a café in Catford.
Romana is enjoying a trip to the hair salon when she hears the hairdresser and a customer discussing Suitors, robots that provide certain services for elderly ladies. They also discuss missing pensioners that have been linked to the Suitors. She is shocked when the customer, Maude, calls the robot a "DoctorBot", and her suspicions are confirmed when K9 finds a magazine advert showing a picture of a Suitor — it perfectly resembles the Doctor.
Romana is in the TARDIS wardrobe room. She has just met the TARDIS wardrobe mistress, Iraj, who she learns is a shape shifter. Iraj wants to play a  joke on the Doctor.
Romana wishes to go on holiday, but the Doctor is distracted by a signals that he wants to track around the universe. Romana places a bet with him saying that he has two weeks to track all the pieces round the universe whilst she goes on holiday, if he manages it without regenerating, or destroying the TARDIS she will pay for an expensive meal otherwise he will pay for the meal.
Rome 1985, and plumber Pietro Rossi responds to a call to find an empty house with a blocked pipe that needs some work, but when a bright rainbow coloured light pours out he finds himself transported to somewhere completely different. Pietro falls from a chute and lands on a giant savage tortoise's head, rendering it unconscious. It was about to attack the Doctor and Amy Pond. Amy explains that they are in some sort of side dimension and that they are trying to find her husband, Rory Williams, who has been captured when they attempted to free others collected by Miyota using his pipes. The Doctor has a plan, and with Pietro's help the plumbing is rigged and they take a pipe chute directly above Miyota, knocking it too unconscious. Rory and other "specimens" are freed from their captivity and the Doctor uses his sonic screwdriver to send Miyota through one of his own pipes to land on some quiet backwater world.
Rose Tyler believes she is living another day of her "ordinary" life, but after being threatened by Autons (living plastic) controlled by the Nestene Consciousness, she meets the Ninth Doctor.
Rose Tyler wakes to find herself alone in the TARDIS. She leaves the vessel to find herself in the middle of a chaotic alien TV talk show, the Vanexxa Skank Show, and she's the star. She finds herself faced with bizarre stories about her relationship with the Tenth Doctor from none other than Mickey Smith, who suddenly has an Amazonian girlfriend named Phalia. Things get even worse when she discovers the Doctor has become her mother's boyfriend! Rose's seething jealousy holds the key to saving her life.
Rose and the Doctor return to present-day Earth, and become intrigued by the latest craze — the video game Death to Mantodeans. Is it as harmless as it seems? And why are so many local people going on holiday and never returning?
Rose and the Tenth Doctor return to modern-day London to find a mysterious epidemic of ghosts all over the world. As the Doctor searches Torchwood Tower to find answers, something sinister lurks in the building.
Rose has invited a new friend on board the TARDIS, against the Doctor’s better judgement. But when the Time Lord tries to take his unwelcome guest home, a temporal tsunami cuts the journey short. The travellers find the source of the disturbance inside an abandoned cinema. Will Adam Mitchell help or hinder when the Doctor and Rose discover what is lurking on the other side of the screen?
Rose has written a letter to her mum, which considering the tale she relates isn't very surprising. The Doctor had decided to take up stamp collecting; not the most exciting of past times recalls Rose, remembering a boy she went to Jericho Junior School with, Freddy or Frankie was his name. Anyway, Bath in 1840 is where the Doctor takes Rose to the printing place of the very first stamp – the Penny Black, the brain child of Rowland Hill who for the first time suggested a one price stamp for all any area in the country that the person sending the letter had to pay! (Up until then you paid to receive a letter and the cost depended on how far it had travelled).
Russia, the near future.
Sacha Mary Palmer is waiting for the bus in the early hours of the morning. She sees a strange man standing nearby, and is nervous as several girls have gone missing recently. She takes a taxi instead, and the man nearly catches her before the taxi drives off. The driver begins speeding away, and Sacha realises the doors are locked. The driver reveals himself to be a vampire. When Sacha's mobile phone rings, the vampire stops the taxi suddenly, sending Sacha through the window. She is seriously injured, and the vampire, Saric Warder, approaches her. The man that Sacha saw earlier yells for Saric to stop. Saric tells Sacha the man is called "the Doctor", then he kills her. The Doctor leaves Peri to stay with Sacha, and chases Saric as he runs off.
Sakkrat.
Salim finds he's picked on the wrong girl when he tries to steal Ace's shadow in a space-shipyard on a lonely planet.
Sally Sparrow is a child who is contacted by the Ninth Doctor after he gets stuck at her aunt's party after the TARDIS burps. The Doctor proceeds to write messages under Sally's wallpaper in her room and send her a video containing messages to Sally from Sally's aunt's party.
Sam is on her own, but her distance from the Doctor doesn't make for a trouble-free life. Rescued from an out-of-control spaceship, she finds herself on a tiny moon which is the only known source of dreamstone, a mysterious crystalline substance that can preserve your dreams — or give you nightmares.
Samuel Elkins, fighting for the South in the American Civil War, has been fatally wounded by fellow soldier Lucius Casler, who has taken a photo of Elkins' wife Charlotte and, along with several other deserters, has headed for the Elkins home. As Elkins lies dying on the battlefield, the Doctor comforts him, and promises to keep Charlotte safe.
San Francisco 1967. A place of love and peace as the hippy movement is in full swing and everyone is looking forward to the ultimate festival: the human be-in.
Sarah Emmins, her husband Stuart Gorey and her research assistant Ian Bird have been working at the fifty-seventh research station on Fraternity. The dangerous chemical storms prevent them from gathering samples except during brief intervals in the storm.
Sarah Jane distracts the Doctor while he repairs the TARDIS. This causes the pair to be transported to an alternate Earth where their counterparts are dangerous criminals!
Sarah and the Doctor find themselves in London in 1666. They observe a procession of people who bury victims of the Black Death. Sarah comforts a grieving woman. She wants the Doctor to do something, but he says things must take their course.
Sarah is bored by the UNIT Christmas party, so the Doctor says he'll take her to Manhattan. Instead of landing in the city, however, they arrive on the lawn of a large mansion.
Sarah is marooned on a slave world where the only escape is death. Harry is caught in the middle of an interplanetary invasion, and has to combine medicine with a desperate mission. And the Fourth Doctor lands on a world so secret it does not even have a name.
Sari Martínez is making a solo trek across Antarctica, having left from Snowcap Base, when she hits a large blue box. After she recovers consciousness, she is relieved that she is unhurt and continues her journey
Searching for the third segment to the Key to Time brings the Doctor and Romana I to present-day Earth, where the travellers have to contend with stone circles, Druidic rituals and a not-so-mythical goddess known as the Cailleach.
Sebastian Musgrove is stationed on Monitoring Base XL-7, alone except for two robots. He has a hologram of his former girlfriend, Tarla McCail, who was killed by the Daleks. The base has been experiencing power fluctuations, there are storms outside, and Sebastian thinks there is something on the planet with him.
Sebastiene was perhaps once human. He might look like a 19th-century nobleman but in truth he is a ruthless hunter. He likes nothing more than luring difficult opposition to a planet then hunting them down for sport. And now he's caught them all - from Zargregs to Moogs, and even the odd Eternal...
Seeking the rare mineral Zeiton-7 to repair his TARDIS, the Doctor arrives on Varos, a world where political prisoners and their guards are all subjected to sadistic tortures and executions which the colony's inhabitants view and vote on through interactive television. Accused of being alien infiltrators helping the colony's rebel factions, the Doctor and Peri find themselves the latest unwilling subjects in this most extreme form of reality TV.
Self-exiled to a new universe, separated from the TARDIS, opposed and manipulated by the Divergence and their agent the Kro'ka, the Eighth Doctor has been struggling to work out the nature of the cosmic game in which he's an unwilling pawn. Now, at last, he has a chance to find the answer — and regain the TARDIS!
Sent down south to assist the Metropolitan Police in their efforts to investigate the gangland kingpin known only as "the Doctor", Detective-Inspector Patricia Menzies finds herself up to her neck in laser-armed robot mosquitoes, gun-running criminal overlords, vanishing Tube trains... and not one, but two Doctors.
Separated and with no TARDIS, the Ninth Doctor, Rose, and Jack have to fight for their lives on board the Game Station, but a far more dangerous threat is lurking, just out of sight. The Doctor realises that the entire human race has been blinded to the threat on its doorstep, and Armageddon is fast approaching.
Separated from the Doctor, Amy takes charge of transporting the wounded to hospital - but the rescue mission becomes a terrifying ride as the pylons come to life and begin to walk and the road rears up, erupting with boiling tarmac...
Separated from the Doctor, Clara discovers a new menace from another dimension.
Sergeant Kandula is running away when he runs into the Doctor. Kandula's superiors think he has captured the Doctor, who is taken to their camp. There, Kandula explains that they are looking for their Tipping Device, which collided with 24th century Prague. The Crei have taken Prague out of time to search for their device, which they claim will help to end a war.
Seven Doctors... one tricky situation. Will the First Doctor be able to save his future incarnations from a deadly game?
Several weeks ago the TARDIS landed in Masada, Judaea. The crew got caught in a skirmish with Roman soldiers, and the Doctor and Susan became separated from Barbara and Ian. The Doctor and Susan joined Flavius Silva's Roman camp, and Ian and an injured Barbara joined a band of Jewish zealots. Over the next few weeks, the Doctor became an advisor to Silva, and Ian, while Barbara lay unconscious, has befriended the leader of the zealots, Eleazar ben Jair.
Shepard has a moment of panic. He and Adams are in the power stacks. They carefully remove a cylinder and put it in a bag. Shepard is nervous. They head out, Shepard leading the way. They open the double doors and come out onto the moon's surface. The settlement is nearby. Their shuttlecraft is in the opposite direction, Morgan waiting at the controls. Shepard wonders if it could really be this easy, but they make it to the shuttle and take off. Adams states, "We got away with it."
Sheridan Moorkurk has just been elected president of Earth... but the harsh realities of who really runs the planet are just beginning to dawn on her. And what's more, she's starting to hear voices.
Shoreditch, London, 1963. The Beatles have beaten John Smith and the Common Men to No. 1 and satellites are being launched in outer space. Back down on Earth, strange goings-on are occurring: the normally placid teenagers of Coal Hill are running riot and a master thief is stealing highly specialised equipment.
Shortly after arriving on Earth in the 51st century, The Doctor and Izzy are greeted by Marquez, the android servant of Crivello, an aged scientist only kept alive by his complete immersion in a nutrient tank. Crivello is attempting to create an artificial sun for a new solar system for humanity after Earth is engulfed by solar flares. The Doctor discovers the sun is alive. Having built a rapport with the artificial sun, The Doctor orders it to travel to an unpopulated arm of the Crab Nebula to become humanity's new home.
Shortly after his regeneration, the Twelfth Doctor arrives in Victorian London, and Clara Oswald struggles to embrace the new man the Doctor has become. All the while, they reunite with the Paternoster Gang to investigate a series of combustions that have been occurring all around the city.
Shortly after landing on a jungle planet without Rose to accompany him, the Tenth Doctor finds himself clinging onto a vine when the cliff edge collapses and the TARDIS plummets down the side of a cliff.  He is rescued by Kara McGravy a female botanist studying the planet's carnivorous flora and fauna.
Shortly after surviving the perils of Logopolis, Castrovalva and the machinations of the Master, the new Doctor and his new crew could be forgiven for wanting to take a breather from their tour of the galaxy. But when the TARDIS lands in a strange and unsettling environment, the urge to explore is irresistible... and trouble is only a few steps away.
Shot in a dreamlike style and set in a dusty old museum, possibly located within the Doctor's TARDIS, She Said, He Said sees the Eleventh Doctor and Clara Oswald talking directly to the camera as they reflect on how little they really know about one another.
Showing too much interest in a mining operation on an almost deserted planet leads the Doctor and his companions into danger.
Shrunk down to the size of a doll, the Tenth Doctor enlists the help of a teenage boy to rescue a princess.
Siberia at the end of the 19th Century, and the TARDIS arrives just as a shooting star hurtles to the ground.
Sick of the same-old slaughter-appliances? In need of a killer new killing-machine? Then look no further than Garundel Galactic's secret arms auction. Blasters, tanks, missiles and bombs — no bang too big or micro-laser too small. If you've got the credits, Garundel's got the kill-sticks. (Cash buyers get preferential rates.)
Sifting through the technological junk of Reclaim Platform Juliet-November-Kilo, the Doctor discovers evidence of a personal tragedy involving some friends of his. Where will the story of their fate lead?
Simon, a Robohuman, has asked the Doctor and Mel for help. Simon thinks he can dream, but the Doctor doesn't think it's possible. Mel tries to convince the Doctor that it's possible, and convinces the Doctor to investigate. The Doctor asks Simon to go offline for ten minutes while the Doctor looks at his CPU.
Sir,
Six years after being captured by the galaxy-spanning organisation known only as the Consensus, the Doctor lives inside a hi-tech complex at the heart of an unstable sun, condemned to an eternity maintaining its systems. A moment's carelessness could cause the star to collapse — and the deaths of billions.
Six-year-old Pierre Bruyère begins to see nothing but white while sleeping. His father takes him to a doctor, who tells him that dreams are unimportant and who is unsure as to whether the dreams will remain. Pierre says that he doesn't want the dreams to go as he likes them.
Sky City is the showpiece of civilisation on Earth in the 453rd century, a floating city in the sky! As the Tenth Doctor gives Heather a guided tour, he points out the old New Eurozone, which was destroyed in the Genetic Soil Wars. The Doctor explains to Heather about the high taxes people pay to live in Sky City because of the expensive anti-gravity generator it uses. They are knocked over by a man who passes Heather an egg-shaped object which the pursuing city police (the Cops), believe to be proof that she is another wanted associate of the Anti-Antigravity Activist organisation.
Slobeslav Stojespal is running from the Nockrauler, but it attacks him. He is rescued just in time by the Doctor and Peri, who had hoped to arrive in Prague in 4240 but have found that it's 1689. They take Slobeslav home, and when he recovers, he explains to them that the night sky is different from what it used to be and that they have had no news from outside the city in several years. The Doctor realises that 17th century Prague has been taken out of its normal time and place.
Some time after leaving UNIT, Liz Shaw calls the Doctor to Cambridge University, where scientists are experimenting with time dilation. The device hurls them to the year 2014 and a meeting with Richard Beauregard, heir to the Beauregard estate.
Somebody's interfering with time. The Doctor, Rose and Captain Jack arrive on modern-day Earth to find the culprit — and discover a Neanderthal Man, twenty-eight thousand years after his race became extinct. Only a trip back to the primeval dawn of humanity can solve the mystery.
Somehow the Doctor and Evelyn must put history back on track before the future dissolves into chaos. But Knox, it turns out, may be the least of their worries...
Someone has assassinated the Doctor.
Someone has painted the Doctor's likeness into a famous poster by Toulouse-Lautrec, leading Mrs Wibbsey and him to Paris in the 1894. The streets are thronged with artists and their muses – ladies of the night such as the young girl La Charlotte.
Someone's playing with us. Manipulating time and space for their own ends.
Something happened when Molly O'Sullivan was just two years old, and the Doctor thinks it's high time they found out exactly what it was.
Something is wrong, in the fullest sense of the word. At first glance, the world seems fine, but upon closer inspection, dinosaurs, Romans,  and other things throughout time have appeared. Oddly, nobody seems to be bothered by it, like was it part of every day life.
Something was seriously wrong with history... And the disappearance of a psychiatrist and his patient from the 20th century was only the beginning.
Somewhere far back in the early days of the universe the TARDIS lands on a world lit by a dying sun. Missing from the Doctor's star maps and dotted with strange crystalline statues, it is a world ripe for exploration. But it is also a world of destruction.
Somewhere in a suburb of North London, there's a crisis. More than a crisis, a positive disaster. Belinda and Ralph are expecting four for supper, and there's no Marie Rose sauce for the Prawns Marie Rose. All in all, the evening couldn't possibly get any worse...
Somewhere in space, following the events of The Daleks' Master Plan, the First Doctor tends the roses in a garden, while Steven rests in the TARDIS. But the Doctor's plans for a spot of relaxing gardening are short-lived, as a sinister black spinning obelisk suddenly appears in the sky...
Somewhere in the United Kingdom, a young woman called Edith Stevens is attacked by her cat, Boris.  Elsewhere in the country, Professor Lloyd informs the Fifth Doctor of the epidemic of similar cat attacks that are sweeping the nation.
Somewhere in the south of England stands the Hothouse. Five vast, state-of-the-art biodomes, all steel and glass. Inside, rock star turned environmental activist Alex Marlowe has a plan to save the world from climate change. By any means necessary...
Somewhere off the South Coast of England, there's a lonely island. On that island stands a solitary castle, long since abandoned – haunted, they say. But the truth is, that castle houses something far worse than mere ghosts.
Somewhere outside our universe, she is waiting.
Space Security Agent Sara Kingdom is dead, her ashes strewn on the planet Kembel. But, in an old house in Ely, Sara Kingdom lives on...
Space Station Hamlyn is under siege. Thousands of small metal creatures are flying through space, sent by silver warriors to burrow inside the station. The crew's only hope is a slightly scruffy-looking stranger, with a recorder and a mysterious blue box . . .
Space travellers are warned to keep away from the area of the planet Asphya and its unremarkable moon Erys. Not the best place to materialise the TARDIS, then – as the Doctor discovers when his ship is raided by the imp-like Drachee, and his companion Flip is carried away...
Spaceship 0120 sends a distress message as it is pulled towards an unknown planet. Upon landing, the two occupants emerge onto a hot landscape and are attacked by a strange craft which looks like a winged bubble.
St Matilda's College, Oxford is haunted. The building was formerly a convent and, so the story goes, three ghostly nuns wander its passages during the hours of darkness. The story goes on to say that anyone who sees the "three sisters" will not be long for this world.
Starfall — a world on the edge, where crooks and smugglers hide in the gloomy shadows and modern technology refuses to work. And that includes the TARDIS.
Stefnee and Jwana visit Prague to see the Altneuschul. While there, Rabbi Donnig tells them a story:
Stephen, a young boy with a cold, is wandering the streets of London in April 2010 when he sees an alien spaceship fall out of the sky. As people look inside the wrecked craft, giant Space Leeches fly out and attach themselves to the investigators' heads. The leeches swarm, hundreds of them.
Steven Taylor left the Doctor and the TARDIS to become king of an alien world. But it's now many years since he gave up the throne and went to live in a cell in the mountains, out of sight of his people. He's not escaping his past — quite the opposite, in fact. As his granddaughter, Sida, is about to discover...
Still looking for a way out of E-Space, the TARDIS crashes to Isenfel - a realm of snow and ice. Snarling beasts stalk the frozen plains, a feisty princess leads the hunt, and a queen in an ice palace rules over her loyal subjects.
Still trapped in E-Space, the Doctor's TARDIS materialises on a medieval planet. The townsfolk live in fear of the Three Who Rule, who govern from their mighty castle. Investigating, the Fourth Doctor discovers that the Three Who Rule are ancient astronauts who became vampires long ago, and their castle is actually their spaceship. When Romana and Adric are kidnapped, the Doctor must ally himself with a band of renegade peasants to stop the resurrection of one of Gallifrey's greatest enemies: the King Vampire itself.
Still trying to skirt around the edges of the Last Great Time War, the Eighth Doctor is forced to fully join the conflict by the mysterious Sisterhood of Karn. Killed while trying to save a woman who hates him simply for being a Time Lord, the Doctor gets to choose what his next incarnation will be like. He arranges for a warrior... but makes the darkest sacrifice of his life in order to be reborn.
Stockbridge used to be such a lovely place. The loveliest village in all England, according to the guide books. But hardly anyone visits Stockbridge now: a few tourists, a couple of Trust guides, the odd beady-eyed raven.
Stopping off to pick up some milk in a supermarket — the milkmaid at a 9th century French farm having boils on her hands — the Doctor and Martha encounter a giant, rampaging, viking-like warrior called Thaur. Thaur is one of three warrior kings separated, banished and exiled from their homeworld of Norsum by Angboda.
Storms are causing havoc on the planet Phabedes as the moons are being dragged through the sky. But can the Doctor remember the legend, solve the puzzle of the moons and save the day?
Stranded in a forest, the Tenth Doctor and Heather McCrimmon try to hitch a lift from a passing horse-drawn coach. Lady Harrington-Fletcher is wary of highwaymen. She orders the coach on, only to be stopped a bit further by a gun-wielding, masked highwayman, who surprisingly leaves the valuables but takes possession of Lady H's ammonium carbonate (smelling salts).
Strange occurrences plague the village of Colston Burghley – a mediaeval monument has appeared on the village green, postboxes have disappeared... and there's trouble in Meredith Bright’s back garden. When Mike Yates finds himself at a loss, it's down to the Doctor and Jo Grant to get to the root of the trouble...
Subject 2660 ­ Celia Fortunaté, designated citizen of the needle. Subject experiencing traumatic, violent delusions during waking moments. Subject remains passified and under control of Whitenoise. Medication has been prescribed.
Summary: Parts One-Three: Soon after the leader of the Futurist group disappears, Milan is destroyed. In its place is a huge, futuristic city. The Doctor and Rose travel back to the time of the Romans to find out who is behind this...
Summoned to Blethbridge village in Southern England, the Doctor is hired by Inspector Keel to investigate a strange fire in the woods, where he befriends a lost alien. But the alien Morag has attracted the attention of the Zanders, creatures who absorb fire, and an invasion is fast approaching...
Suresh Parekh begins working at Rawson's restaurant in 1816. Rawson tells him about the "ghost" that sometimes sits at one of the tables.
Surrounded by his greatest enemies, the newest Doctor will journey into the most dangerous place in all of the universe. With the limits of his compassion being tested, the Doctor will be forced to ask a question about himself that he doesn't know: "Am I a good man?"
Susan King is watching three men loading illegal arms into a truck. She prepares to shoot, wanting to leave one alive for interrogation, but she is shot at by a fourth man acting as lookout. She quickly shoots him, but the other three men are alerted to her presence. Two run towards her while the other jumps in the truck and takes off. She fires at the explosives in the truck. It explodes, but the two men are unhurt and continue to run towards her. She runs away and they give chase. She crosses a street, and one man stops to take aim at her. He is, however, hit by a bus. The other man runs off.
Susan and Ian are playing a board game belonging to the Doctor when the TARDIS lands on a desolate planet. It used to be beautiful, but things are in ruins and there are people, not dead but not alive, frozen in place.
Susan and the Doctor are on the run. They have taken a TARDIS that was in long-term storage. The console room is dark, but the Doctor manages to set them in flight. He then figures out how to turn on the instrument lights, and levels the TARDIS' flight. After Susan finds the room's lights, they discover the room has other features besides the console: the double doors through which they entered, an alcove with a fault locator, a scanner, and another door, presumably leading to the rest of the ship. Susan wants to explore now, but the Doctor cautions her to wait.
Susan is hanging out in a bar during a poetry recital and sees a man mutating into an alien life form. When she tells her grandfather, he decides they must investigate. They find a secret laboratory below the tube tunnels in central London. An alien called Raldonn is carrying out mutagentic experiments to create a pilot of a genetic make-up similar to himself to assist in flying his ship.
Swimming through a huge giant organism towards a heart, the Doctor and Rose, suited up and equipped with giant surgical appliances, encounter an alien organism feeding off the chamber wall. Once the organism is disconnected (i.e. cut away) from the wall, they are attacked by the white blood cells of the immune system. These start to attach themselves to the Doctor and Rose, swamping them. The only way to escape is to enter the organism and be eaten by it. As the organism begins to absorb them, it too is swamped by the attacking white blood cells. Overcome, the organism explodes.
Switzerland, 1816: at the Villa Diodati, Lord Byron's house guests tell each other tales to curdle the blood and quicken the beatings of the heart. With a monster on the loose outside, young Mary Shelley isn't short of inspiration.
Switzerland, 1926: the Doctor finds himself halfway up an Alpine mountainside, on his way to an exclusive sanatorium for the rich and famous run by the Viennese alienist Ludovic "Ludo" Comfort. In between bouts of electric shock therapy, Ludo's patients — including faded music hall turn Harry Randall, chess grandmaster Swapnil Khan and Lola Luna, darling of the Weimar cabaret scene — fill their time with endless rounds of Snap!, among other diversions.
TARDIS travel opens one's eyes to a universe of possibilities, reckons the Doctor. For geek girl Izzy, it's also a fantastic way to track down ultra-rare back copies of Aggrotron!, the most dangerous comic in history...
TRAVELLER IN TIME AND SPACE seeks male or female companion with good sense of humour for adventures in the Fourth and Fifth Dimensions.
Taking Amy Pond and Rory Williams to see a dawn over the Meadows of Kallisshamarriss, the Doctor arrives just as dawn is about to break. But the sky suddenly darkens, and it grows cold. They witness an alien spaceship draining every last drop of the sun's energy. Racing back to the TARDIS the Doctor has just two minutes to save the sun and all life on the planet. Once the planet has been saved the Doctor pursues the spacecraft deep within the Onyx Nebula (a mass so dense that not even light can penetrate it). In the blackness they find a semi-world topped with a gleaming crystal turret. On exploring the turret they are all arrested for trespassing in the Temple of Light but the Doctor has spotted the energy gathering crystal is cracked. With their artificial "sun" waning, the Light Keeper of this world has been seeking out alternative sources of light to use. In exchange for fixing the energy leaking out of the crystal at the top of the turret the Light Catcher gives his word not to steal light from others. Besides which the energy trapped in the gas cloud of the Onyx Nebula would last them forever.
Tegan falls once more under the influence of the Mara and directs the TARDIS to the planet Manussa. There, the Federator's son Lon and his mother Tanha are preparing for a ceremony to celebrate the banishment of the Mara five hundred years earlier.
Tegan has a go at the Doctor's new dream machine and the TARDIS crashlands on the dying world of Isopterus. The travellers soon discover something is aiding the fall of Isopterus years before its destruction. The Doctor faces a dilemma: save Isopterus and change time or let history take its course and be the reason for a planet's end.
Tegan is not happy when the Fifth Doctor decides to answer a distress call from Sector 19, in the spiral of Alpha 4, a remote area on the fringe of a supernova. Arriving near the source of the signal, the Doctor is disturbed to find it is coming from an enormous battle cruiser. The cruiser appears undamaged. Unlike other warships, it doesn't carry any identifying insignia or identification. The Doctor, Tegan and Turlough are even more alarmed when they find that the TARDIS is being drawn to the cruiser by a tractor beam that is somehow using the TARDIS' own power against it.
Tensions are high at UNIT HQ. The Brigadier and the Doctor are arguing over the latter's electricity use. Liz comes to HQ to hand out Christmas cards; she can hear the arguments and fails to convince Sergeant Benton to deliver her cards to the Doctor and the Brigadier.
Thanks to the Eightfold Truth, Metebelis crystals cover the Earth, and the Eight Legs, giant spiders from that distant world, are poised to take control of the planet.
That terrible old reprobate and transdimensional adventuress Iris Wildthyme has gone and locked herself up in a nunnery on the savage world of Artaris.
The 16th Century. Playwright Kit Marlowe is attempting to write Doctor Faustus when a darkness descends on his life, in the cadaverous form of a Spaniard called Velez. The monstrosity is in search of a stone blade that was brought from South America...
The 22nd century: a few short years of interstellar contact have taught humanity a hard lesson — there are creatures abroad that are nightmare manifest. Powerful, unstoppable, alien forces. It's a realisation that deals a body blow to man's belief in his own superiority, and leaves him with the only option he has ever had: to fight.
The Amazon rainforest, 1827. The Doctor, Amy and Rory arrive in the jungle near a hurriedly abandoned campsite, where they are surrounded by hungry black caiman — huge lizards. Only the arrival of a man with a rifle sees off the giant beasts. Oliver Blazington has come to the forest to bag big game, and his companion Garrett is a naturalist, collecting exotic creatures for London Zoo. But the Doctor soon discovers that another very different hunter is stalking the Amazon. Animals and people have been disappearing without trace, and local villagers speak darkly of "the Eye of the Jungle". Amy senses that the all-seeing Eye is watching them — but she and Rory are powerless to intervene when it sets its sights on the Doctor...
The American Civil War... a time of great unrest, when fathers found themselves in conflict with their own sons and when lawlessness and slavery were rife. The Doctor, together with his companions Peri and Erimem, arrive in the middle of the conflict. The Doctor manages to cope in his own inimitable manner, but Peri -- an American -- and Erimem -- a dark-skinned Egyptian -- find themselves faced with all the bigotry and hatred that typified the war for some.
The Ardennes, December 1944: the Nazi forces are making their last offensive in Europe — a campaign which will come to be called the Battle of the Bulge. But there is a third side to this battle: an unknown and ancient force which seems to pay little heed to the laws of nature.
The Asteroid — notorious hideaway of the piratical Rocket Men. Hewn out of rock, surrounded by force-fields and hidden in the depths of the Fairhead Cluster, their base is undetectable, unescapable and impregnable.
The Beast escapes his captivity and travels to Earth to seek revenge on the Tenth Doctor.
The Beautiful Death. The ultimate theme-park ride. For twenty galactic credits, you can find out what it's like to be dead.
The Black Guardian has changed time so that the Doctor never left Gallifrey. This causes chaos amongst the stars. The Doctor must revisit his past and hunt for the Key to Time, which will put time back on track and defeat the Black Guardian.
The Brigadier's wife is dead. A terrible accident. Grieving, he searches for death, and finds his way to Avalon, the other-dimensional kingdom of the Catuvelauni.
The Castor, a vast starship, seemingly deserted, spinning slowly in the void of deep space. Martha and the Doctor explore the drifting tomb, and discover that they may not be alone after all... Who survived the disaster that overcame the rest of the crew? What continues to power the vessel? And why has a stretch of wooded countryside suddenly appeared in the middle of the craft? As the Doctor and Martha journey through the forest, they find a mysterious, fogbound village — a village traumatised by missing children and tales of its own destruction...
The Chelsea Flower Show - hardly the most exciting or dangerous event in the calendar, or so the Doctor thinks. But this is Chelsea 426, a city-sized future colony floating on the clouds of Saturn, and the flowers are much more than they seem.
The Clutch is a fleet in constant motion, ships jostling for position, in an endless migration between the stars. For the Galyari, forbidden by an ancient curse from settling on a world ever again, the Clutch is home. But the curse travels with them...
The Crystal Bucephalus: a restaurant patronised by the highest echelons of society in the 10th millennium. The guests are projected back in time to sample the food and drink of a bygone age.
The Curator of the Cosmic Museum is the Doctor's biggest fan and he wants the TARDIS as the centrepiece of his collection!
The Cybermen are on the march through the Hundred Realms, killing and converting as they go. Resistance is useless.
The Dalek Time Strategist has a new plan to ensure final victory in the Time War. As its forces gather for a huge assault on the enemy, ahead of the fleet something hovers above the planet of the Time Lords. And on Gallifrey itself, shadows move among the Cloisters. The Time Lords face a threat alien to their entire universe. To save their world, the War Doctor and his allies must enter the Enigma Dimension...
The Daleks and the Cybermen form an alliance to kidnap the American Envoy and ruin a peace conference on Earth. The Doctor meets a new companion, a Frenchman called Jason. After they fail to stop the Cybermen taking the US Envoy from a nightclub, they are joined by a singer named Crystal who works there. After a trip to Altair Three and then the Bar Galactica, they meet Madame Delilah but are forced to flee along with a small furry creature called Zog.
The Daleks are advancing, their empire constantly expanding into Earth's space. The Earth forces are resisting the Daleks in every way they can. But the battles rage on across countless solar systems. And now the future of our galaxy hangs in the balance... The Doctor finds himself stranded on board a starship near the front line with a group of ruthless bounty hunters.
The Daleks are developing a secret weapon on Asteroid Theta 12. It is imperative that their plans are uncovered.
The Daleks destroy several Earth's satellites scanning for extraterrestrial life some time in the Cold War. As the Dalek Saucer Commander predicts, the humans react by squabbling amongst themselves. The Soviets think it's the Americans who've taken out the satellites, while the Americans believe the reverse. As both sides look for a terrestrial explanation, the Dalek saucer slips into an Earth ocean, and settles unseen on the floor.
The Daleks draft the Second Doctor into distilling the Human Factor. Once implanted, it will make the Dalek race invincible. Jamie's faith in the Doctor is stretched to the limit as the Doctor appears to be collaborating with the Daleks. The Doctor has a few tricks up his sleeve, but then again so might the Daleks.
The Daleks steal an atomic submarine and launch its missiles at Sydney, Australia. They plan to establish a base in the ruins, convert the survivors into Daleks, then destroy the rest of the world!
The Darksmiths have the Eternity Crystal and are eager to finally fulfil their contract with their mysterious client. The Darksmiths have also reprogrammed Gisella, the robotic "daughter" of Varlos, who now seems to be working for them. The Doctor learns that the Darksmiths are due to hand over the Crystal to their client as a secret rendezvous on present day Earth. Will the Doctor be able to intercept the transaction in time? Or will the Crystal begin a war that will continue for all eternity?
The Death-Match is under new management. The Hunt Master's Champion has been installed. All regular players are welcomed back to the Pursuit Lounge to observe the contest in luxurious surroundings. Privacy is assured. For this reason we ask our elite guests to abide by the strict security protocols. Please note, the house has no limits.
The Doctor "borrows" the Koltroxa's powerful necklace to track her down. The TARDIS arrives a hundred years in the future. The house is now a school. All the pupils have been turned into green-skinned zombies, drained of their life force by the Koltroxa, who is gaining in strength bleeding through from the future.
The Doctor and  Martha go in search of a real live dodo, and are transported by the TARDIS to the mysterious Museum of the Last Ones. There in the Earth section, they discover every extinct creature up to the present day, all still alive and in Suspended animation.
The Doctor and Ace are in the spaceport of the planet Epajaenda. Ace has been chatting with security guard Essjee 78, while the Doctor has gone outside, which is forbidden, to take readings in the toxic atmosphere. He is looking for some kind of anomaly. The only other people in the spaceport are the other security guards, a blue tumbelweed creature, and a group of Travellers, frog-like beings.
The Doctor and Ace are on the run from Kryian rocket pods. They make it to the TARDIS, but with its doors open, some of the energy from the pods makes its way into the TARDIS, causing damage.
The Doctor and Ace arrive at Earth some eight hundred thousand years in Ace's future. He tells her that at this point the Earth has been deserted. From the monitor, they see something strange in what used to be Prague: the street layout spells out an SOS — in Gallifreyan.
The Doctor and Ace arrive in Sydney in 1942. The Doctor contacts a ferry for a ride, then warns the captain to remove his vessel from the area. He confides to Ace that a Japanese submarine will soon torpedo an American warship. Soon they hear an explosion.
The Doctor and Ace arrive on Earth at the beach. Ace notices a "clairvoyant" booth among the amusement arcades, and she sees a girl, whose picture is on the window, enter the booth. When she comes out, she bumps into a man carrying hot coffee, and she mentions to Ace that the man in the booth warned her about people carrying hot drinks.
The Doctor and Ace arrive on board a spaceship and find that some of the youngest crew members have disappeared! The first part of a new comic strip by Paul Cornell and Lee Sullivan
The Doctor and Ace have landed on a beautiful planet. They explore and find old ruins with pictograms. The Doctor deduces that this planet used to be a human colony that became extinct.
The Doctor and Ace head for the Psychic Circus on the planet Segonax, where they meet a disparate group of performers and visitors, including a self-centred explorer named Captain Cook, his companion Mags and a biker known as Nord.
The Doctor and Ace investigate a series of terrifying attacks along the banks of the Red River.
The Doctor and Ace land in 17th century England. They encounter a young girl named Tilly Brewer, who is changing into a beast and being chased by several witch-hunters.
The Doctor and Ace travel to Maruthea for Bonjaxx's birthday party. Whilst there he encounters old friends and enemies, and has a glimpse of his future.
The Doctor and Adric have materialised in a chamber. It is dark and decaying, and has many archways leading from it. Adric catches a glimpse of two cowled figures, one tall and one short, but they are gone before he can show the Doctor. Another cowled figure approaches and removes his hood. He greets the Doctor and Adric by name and introduces himself as Mauritz.
The Doctor and Adric learn from the wizened Keeper of Traken that a great evil has come to his planet in the form of a Melkur - a calcified statue. The Keeper of Traken is nearing the end of his reign and seeks the Doctor's help in preventing the evil from taking control of the bioelectronic Source that is the keystone of the Traken Union's civilisation.
The Doctor and Alice have met persistent foes before – but never anything like THE THEN & THE NOW, the group of supremely strange cosmic bounty hunters sent to bring them to justice! It's getting so they can't even solve an intergalactic war crime without having to flee for their lives!
The Doctor and Amy Pond arrive in a small boat just in time to save some villagers from drowning when their tiny 13th century Japanese village is flooded yet again by a dragon of the sea that disappears as quickly as it arrives. The Doctor offers his help but the villagers already have help from the worst Samurai in all of Japan, Shoju. In return for protecting the village, Shoju is allowed to stay — but his efforts aren't good enough.
The Doctor and Amy Pond arrive on the Gemstone Moon of Regol Genaralon where they find a prefabricated human research base that appears to have been abandoned for the last two weeks. At the heart of the research is a Grey Hole (something between a black hole that sucks everything in and a white hole that throws all sorts of stuff out). Grey holes shouldn't exist but, the Doctor explains, "on rare occasions they can break through the boundaries between dimensions." Taking the TARDIS on a journey into the Grey Hole to rescue the research scientists, they travel through the different levels of space-time distortion beyond the event horizon, where light is unable to pass. Homing in on the echoes of the human scientists' brainwaves, the Doctor and Amy find themselves on the edge of oblivion, a pocket of the universe in a constant state of flux guarded by the shadowy Vorpon (Guardians of the boundary Nexus). In spite of the Vorpon's warnings, Amy races past the guardians. Amy and the Doctor, who follows her, find themselves down another level of the Boundary Nexus, the bridge between universes. The Doctor negotiates a release of the scientists and a return to the research base in return for the Vorpon being left alone to guard the Boundary Nexus. Because the Vorpons were Nexus forms, if the boundary had been breached, the result would have been catastrophic for both sides (the humans and the Vorpons). Safe again, the scientists agree to halt their investigation into the Grey Hole.
The Doctor and Amy Pond climb a hill to explore the ruins of an alien city. There is no sign of who built the city and the walls are worn away, seemingly eroded by the elements in record time.
The Doctor and Amy arrive on a mysterious planet inhabited by criminals. Something is infecting the criminals and now the infection has caught up with Amy. The Doctor must stand alone and fight the infection before it spreads across the Galaxy.
The Doctor and Amy arrive on a planet where everyone, including themselves, acts like they are in a musical...
The Doctor and Amy arrive on a space station where time is running faster. They team up with a party of nuns to escape. But the problem may lead to the TARDIS itself.
The Doctor and Amy arrive on the Blue Boar service station on the newly opened M1 motorway in 1959. The Doctor wants to see it "before they messed it up". The peaceful flow of traffic is soon interrupted by teenage Petrolions — alien joyriders on bikes.
The Doctor and Amy materialise in the Arctic — where members of a survey team are turning from flesh to metal and digging something sinister from under the ice that's been waiting thousands of years — an army of Cybermen!
The Doctor and Amy present C. S. Lewis with a book, The Professor, the Queen and the Bookshop, not unlike a piece of his future work...
The Doctor and Benny visit Tara, with Benny dressing as a man. On Tara, things have changed. Reynart is missing and is assumed dead, Strella must marry, and Grendel of Gracht is plotting against her.
The Doctor and Bernice Summerfield are on the planet Shanquis, where the Doctor is trying to negotiate a peace settlement between this world and the neighbouring world of Esoria. The Doctor should be in his element, in an arena where the fighting is done with words, not weapons.
The Doctor and Charley are enjoying a meal in Melbourne. While the Doctor chats with a man named Tristan, Charley observes the crowd. An armoured truck pulls up in front of the Brunswick Street Bookstore, and suddenly, Tristan runs to the bookstore. The crowd surges toward the bookstore, and the Doctor heads that way as well, warning Charley to stay back. They see Tristan climb out of an upper storey window, clutching something; he falls to the pavement, surviving only to be kicked to death in the crowd. Charley is almost trampled but manages to get away.
The Doctor and Charley decide to take a well-deserved break from the monotony of being chased, shot at and generally suffering anti-social behaviour at the hands of others.
The Doctor and Charley travel to the remote Cimmerian System to unravel the mystery of its sun. But darkness has already embraced the scientific base on Cimmeria IV in more ways than one.
The Doctor and Charlotte Pollard arrive on a world that is populated by werewolves.
The Doctor and Chris make their way through several regions of 21st century London. They are following a girl and a hooded figure, thought the Doctor hasn't explained why. They are unaware that they themselves are being followed.
The Doctor and Chris, stranded on an island in the Indian Ocean in 1814, are rescued by a ship. On board, they find that, in addition to the ship's crew, there are a dozen aliens. The captain and crew thinks the aliens are an Earth life form.
The Doctor and Clara are called to a mysterious, isolated house on a moonlet in the Asurmian Reach. There they meet the inscrutable Justin Winter and his two assistants, Joey and Carenza. Winter has called for the Doctor's help: he and his friends are trapped in the house, all exits having long ago been sealed.
The Doctor and Clara are on a tour of Snowcap University, which Clara finds uninteresting. They are at a point in which Dr Audley is supposed to speak; however, she has met a delay, so to Clara's relief the tour moves outside. As Winnie and a fellow student watch the tourists, Dr Audley is apparently now ready, and the tour moves back inside.
The Doctor and Clara are too late to stop Miraclo the Magician's hat being used as a gateway for the invading Lepus Warriors
The Doctor and Clara arrive a bit late to recover a tiny and cute Drokkvid from a school on Earth and instead find a ravenous carnivore causing havoc.
The Doctor and Clara come face to face with an enemy that the Time Lord has defeated countless times before. However, the Doctor doesn't recognise Zorgo but will soon realise just how terrible he really is. 
The Doctor and Clara cross paths with Oscar Wilde and Calamity Jane in the frontier town of Deadwood as they pay their respects to the recently passed Wild Bill Hickok. But soon they discover the grave is empty, and that the town is being plagued by a masked gunman who shoots his victims with nothing but a finger!
The Doctor and Clara decide to have a picnic on the lifeless planet that isn't deserted. A group of colonists are fighting to stay against an army of Drone-wreckers who want to demolish the planet
The Doctor and Clara have an electrifying alien adventure on a planet made of quartz!
The Doctor and Clara have arrived at the Temple of Infinite Profit on the Seventh Moon of Koth, maintained by the money-worshipping religious order known as the Mandalax Tide. This religious order has a collection plate the size of Birmingham, and it has acquired a Matter Translation Portal. On the psychic paper, the Doctor has received a message from the other side of the portal reading, "Have you heard the Piper pay?" Sensing the fear and desperation in the message, he and Clara enter the portal.
The Doctor and Clara must deal with an alien night light...
The Doctor and Clara receive a mysterious phonecall, and find themselves in a maximum security bank, memories wiped clean and two more recruited strangers to accompany them. Their mission: to rob from a bank that lives up to the reputation of impregnability, but will they be able to find out what they've been recruited to steal and why before they get captured?
The Doctor and Clara take a trip to Tickle Town, an amusement park, where Clara meets her cartoon hero, whilst the Time Lord uncovers the terrible secrets at the heart of Tickle Town after crossing paths with a desperate mother and daughter.
The Doctor and Clara take on an alien empire's tax collector — but all is not as it appears!
The Doctor and Clara unknowingly arrive in a hall of Horrors and Mirrors where everything is not as it seems.
The Doctor and Clara visit a distant colony world, Eternity Springs, a beautiful village built around a spring-hole in the ground and where "time spent is never wasted. Their hosts are welcoming and they are offered accommodation at a nearby guest house — the only room in the village with bunk beds! But Clara is troubled by what she thought she glimpsed earlier, a monster. When they find the door to their room locked the Doctor and Clara escape using sheets tied together and climbing out of the window. They follow some "monster" footprints to a clearing in the wood where they find the villagers have gathered. Before they are recaptured the Doctor and Clara hear the villagers discussing their fate. The Villagers are agreed that that the newcomers are not allowed to leave Eternity Springs. When they are discovered, the village Mayor is the first to turn of his hologram discs revealing himself to be a mutated human. Their precious water from the spring gave them eternal life. The price of which was their mutated form. A price they felt worth paying. When they attempt to force the Doctor and Clara to drink the water the Doctor produces his sonic screwdriver and pointing it to the ground creates a localised earthquake that sees the spring begin to drain away. As the villagers start to dig for their lives — literally, the Doctor and Clara make their escape and return to the TARDIS. The Doctor doubts that they will ever find the Spring again — and that's for the best!
The Doctor and Decky Flamboon arrive on Christmas Eve in 2012 to find a house full of festivities — but without people. A spilt glass on the floor raises the Doctor's suspicions of something bad. As they look at the cards on the mantelpiece, they see the images of the family running in terror. A card suddenly leaps into life, growing to a giant size and snaps shut trapping the Doctor and Decky in another dimension. Inside the card they meet Kirsty and Shane who are looking for the rest of their family and their two children. The Doctor deduces that this is the work of an Edger — a predator that can only exist in two-dimensional environments. Having brought the cards to life and captured the family, the Edger is resting before before feeding and the Doctor uses his sonic screwdriver to open up a portal between the cards. Racing between the cards they collect up the family before arriving at the final card where the Edger has the children trapped in its tentacles. Decky lets out a loud roar that brings an avalanche of snow down on top of the Edger. The children are snatched and the family make a final dash back through the portal returning to their home. Snatching up the Christmas cards the Doctor throws it on the fire. The Edger cant be destroyed but its route into this dimensional has been destroyed. Reunited once again the festivities continue with glasses being raised to the Doctor and Decky.
The Doctor and Decky find an Ameteli disguised as Cupid and shooting off arrows of love, distracting the population while it is intent on plundering the planets resources.
The Doctor and Decky investigate the disappearance of four missing pilots in the Great Space Race and find a decommissioned Robot King!
The Doctor and Destrii arrive on Earth to find rain falling on a market place, rain that radically alters emotions. It is a test being conducted by the Future Cybermen...
The Doctor and Donna Noble save a pair of teenagers from an alien thief who crash-landed an escape pod near their home.
The Doctor and Donna Noble scramble to stop the Slitheen from taking control of Earth's citizens via TV broadcasts and forcing them to hand over their valuables. In the process, the Doctor's actions attract the attention of BBC News, making Donna and him instant celebrities.
The Doctor and Donna Noble travel to an island that doesn't exist where an old enemy is
The Doctor and Donna are imprisoned on the Edifice - and become neighbours to a terrifying assortment of aliens. When the TARDIS is invaded by a holographic marketing scam, the Doctor and Donna find themselves trapped on the Edifice, a purpose-built complex of luxury apartments in space. Their new environs leave much to be desired: millions of beings from across the Universe have been gathered to live side by side in similar apartments. Instead of creating neighbourly affection, it's led to terrible battles being waged in the corridors and on the stairwells. The Doctor and Donna must cross the paths of deadly alien mobs as they search for the Edifice's ultimate authority. Who - or what - lies at the heart of the incredible complex? What destructive scourge is eating away at the Edifice itself? And are the Doctor and Donna trapped forever in this living hell?
The Doctor and Donna arrive at the Stellion Gate, famous for its wormhole between universes. Investigating further, the Doctor befriends Volfus, the last Angrodox space dog. He also volunteers a reluctant Donna and himself for an experiment that plunges them into the wormhole. But something sinister is lurking in the darkness, and the Doctor must act fast to stop it from escaping into the main universe...
The Doctor and Donna arrive on Acropolis to see the Titanoleum Army statues formed over 1000 years ago, there they discover a small boy named Jeri who has become parted from his parents. Meanwhile Donna is hypnotised by a mysterious man in shades and is abducted. The Doctor and Jeri then find a restricted area and find the boy's parents and discover they too have been hypnotised along with millions of others and are waiting in line to be turned into Titanoleum statues, it's up to the Doctor now to save Donna, Jeri's Parents and millions of others from being turned to statues.
The Doctor and Donna arrive on a mysterious planet after receiving a distress signal. The Doctor says this planet is disintegrating and Donna ages at least fifty years.
The Doctor and Donna face monstrous insects and a ruthless robot exterminator in this thrilling, exclusive audio story, read by David Tennant. The TARDIS is lost in battle on a distant planet. When the Doctor sets off in pursuit, Donna is left behind, and finds herself accepting a commission in the Pioneer Corps. Something is transforming soldiers into monstrous beetles, and she could be the next victim. Meanwhile, the Doctor steals a motorbike and stages a jailbreak. Well, how hard can it be to find the TARDIS, rescue Donna, and negotiate a peace? But that's before the arrival of a brutal and remorseless mechanical exterminator, bent on wiping out the insects. It may be that nothing can stop it, because this robot's solution for the infestation is very simple: kill everything.
The Doctor and Donna land on a internal space station run by Truman Truss. He is investigating a meteorite that has smashed into the station — but is it a meteorite or is it a feeding, alien creature?
The Doctor and Evelyn are in Mortlake in 1568. The Doctor wants to meet the famous scientist John Dee, though Evelyn can't quite figure out what's so great about him.
The Doctor and Evelyn arrive in Rome, 101 BC, approximately, October. They meet a young lady of nineteen, Aurelia. She mentions her husband — Julius Caesar. Evelyn is excited, but her excitement soon turns to confusion. Surely you can't heal a wound in time with just a bit of sticking plaster?
The Doctor and Evelyn have arrived in Bodrum, where they meet Charles Newton for the first time, though he already knows them (from four years ago). He is leading an archaeological dig to unearth the Mausoleum of King Mausolus, one of the Seven Wonders of the World. Once the tomb is unearthed, the Doctor and Evelyn are shocked to see, among the paintings on the tomb, a Dalek.
The Doctor and Evelyn visit Iceland but find themselves in tunnels underground. They find a man named Bob, who tells them about a Christmas party being given by Nicholas Santana. The tunnels start to close, and Evelyn is separated from the other two. She is taken to the lower levels to work, where there are several other people working for free.
The Doctor and Events Librarian 367 examine a record of war.The Doctor is visiting Sarah at Christmas. She is currently taking care of her granddaughter Lily. Lily has Autistic Spectrum Disorder, and it is all Sarah can do to keep Lily happy enough to keep her out of trouble.
The Doctor and Flip visit Victorian London, where investigators Jago and Litefoot explore theatrical performances that have echoes of the Doctor's past lives...
The Doctor and Heather arrive on a German U-boat that has just been attacked by an English submarine. As the ship sinks around, them, the Doctor is faced with a dilemma: either save the Germans or take Heather's advice and leave them to die.
The Doctor and Heather land underwater on the way back to Earth and go swimming. They are surprised when they find a car and then the Houses of Parliament. When they swim inside to investigate, they are captured by Spaerons.
The Doctor and Heather respond  to a distress signal. It comes from the Nurburr Asteroid, a small rock in space housing a robot making factory. It is protected by a Tisk forcefield dome secure enough to keep out even a Dycoatean jelly flea. They meet Watnul, the asteroid's the only inhabitant. Having lived alone on the asteroid for years, he continues his centuries-old family business of building the most intelligent serving robots in the universe.
The Doctor and Ian visit Prague in 2908 to find the streets mostly deserted. As they walk the streets, the Doctor tells Ian about the three political factions in Prague. They soon learn that there is a plague, named the "Blue Plague", that has put many patients in a coma. As the Doctor does not remember a plague in Prague's history, they go to a hospital to investigate.
The Doctor and Izzy arrive in Sweden at Christmastime in the 11th century only to find themselves captured by hunters. To the Doctor's confusion, these hunters don't usually hunt humans.
The Doctor and Izzy find themselves in 17th century Japan and on the run from a fire breathing dragon.
The Doctor and Izzy have a brief meeting with an old enemy of the Doctor's known as Beep the Meep in a parallel universe, one where the adventures of the Doctor are nothing more than televised programmes and science fiction.
The Doctor and Izzy have landed on the planet Jora. The Doctor tells Izzy how advanced the Jorans are.
The Doctor and Izzy materialise on Icarus Falling, a small satellite orbiting Crivello's sun, and witnessed an attack on it by Daleks. While attempting to stop the Daleks' plans, it is revealed that another of the Doctor's deadliest enemies, the megacorp known as the Threshold, was hired to destroy the Daleks, and already had a plan in motion.
The Doctor and Jamie are part of a celebratory throng of people heading toward the TARDIS. Waiting for them are King Gavin XXIII and his retinue of guards. The king gives a speech praising the Doctor and Jamie for helping him defeat his "evil" brother Conrad. As the Doctor and Jamie prepare to leave in the TARDIS, the people decide to build a giant statue of their king to block the view of the Tower of Judgement, where Conrad now resides.
The Doctor and Jamie have landed in Prague. As they head off for some sightseeing, they encounter an ugly creature that the Doctor identifies as a Hallanian. It chases them, and as they run away they encounter Russian tanks. One shoots at them, but nothing happens. The Doctor searches through a history book of Prague for an explanation, but the pages start to crumble to dust. The landscape surrounding them changes, and they find themselves first in the 10th century, then in the 18th century.
The Doctor and Jeremy have landed on Sedna. The Doctor has been here before, and recognises, to his dismay, the style of the architecture as being Siccati. He realises that the Siccati attacked their own colony world on Neptune when he visited with Sarah.
The Doctor and Jo Grant land in the middle of a prison break, only to find that the Master has hypnotised many people. After their trances are broken, the Brigadier informs the Doctor that they all work for the Freedom Corporation, which had been set up thirty years ago. The Doctor decides to investigate the Freedom Corporation. He attends a demonstration given by Gerald Gooder to show off his time machine. The Doctor is relieved to find that Gooder doesn't know what he's doing, but is still suspicious. Late at night Jo and he sneak in to the building. They find Gooder destroying their prototype time machine. They follow Gooder to find the Master, who traps the Doctor in the construct.
The Doctor and Jo are brought to Prague in 2221 against their will by an old acquaintance of the Doctor's, Benek Chaloupka, a former magician. He used to use a pair of Psion orbs in his act until one of them was broken. He now runs a museum called Marvels Less Mystifying that seeks to debunk things like magic, superstition and the occult. However, to his embarrassment, his museum is haunted by ghosts.
The Doctor and Jo are investigating a piece of metal for the Brigadier. Their search leads them to Oxford, in Jo's future, to the Bodleian library.
The Doctor and Jo are relaxing after having taken part in peace talks on Earth. They attend a re-enactment of the Battle of Britain, which is disrupted by a group known as Pull Back to Earth. After the demonstration is over, the Doctor and Jo follow the crowd to the exit, and are nervous that guards are checking everyone's PANs. They try to bluff their way out, but the guard doesn't fall for it, so the Doctor karate chops him and they run away.
The Doctor and Jo are trapped, with no way out.
The Doctor and Jo are travelling to Rojak in the Mentrola Galaxy, when they receive a distress call from a soon to be doomed planet. However, the voices in the message sound like they're from Earth. Things are only more curious when they arrive, where they find pirates made of gold and some mysterious avian aliens.
The Doctor and Jo arrive on the SS Bernice, a cargo ship crossing the Indian Ocean. Things are not what they seem. A monster appears in the sea, events repeat themselves and a giant hand steals the TARDIS. Investigation reveals they are inside a miniscope, an alien peepshow sporting numerous miniaturised environments, which showman Vorg and his assistant Shirna have brought to amuse the populace of the planet Inter Minor.
The Doctor and Jo arrive on the dying planet Ephros, where Galactux Power Inc is exploiting the world's remaining resources. But something is stirring beneath the surface...
The Doctor and Jo arrive on the prehistoric jungle planet Quorus when they're suddenly attacked by a dinosaur-like animal. They notice a figure in the distance who they realise is the Master, who appears to be controling the animal with a gadget. He is then seen collecting something, making his way to his TARDIS and leaving. The Doctor and Jo follow him and track him back to Earth; however, they lose him when they enter the atmosphere.
The Doctor and Jo find trouble in the most unlikely of places when they stop off to buy some West Yorkshire rhubarb...
The Doctor and Jo journey to Bramfield New Town when the husband of Jo's cousin vanishes mysteriously. As magpies circle overheard, the Doctor discovers a terrifying alien plot...
The Doctor and Jo make a test flight in the TARDIS and arrive on the planet Peladon. Seeking shelter, they enter the citadel of the soon-to-be-crowned King Peladon, where the Doctor is mistaken for a human dignitary summoned to act as chairman of a committee assessing an application by the planet to join the Galactic Federation.
The Doctor and Jo take Mike Yates on his first trip in the TARDIS, but instead of the historical cricket match they were aiming for they end up on a futuristic space station in the middle of a diplomatic crisis that might escalate into galactic war.
The Doctor and Jo visit Marion Connors at Central Middlewich Hospital. Marion is dying, and the doctors try experimental techniques on her.
The Doctor and Jo visit the Master in his high-security prison on an island off the south coast of England. The governor, Colonel Trenchard, says ships have been disappearing mysteriously at sea. The Doctor discovers that Trenchard and the Master are in league to contact the Sea Devils, a race of reptiles in hibernation in a base beneath the sea, who have been awoken by recent work on a nearby sea fort. The Master intends to use his new allies to help him conquer the world.
The Doctor and K9 are in the TARDIS console room. Everything is working perfectly. This worries the Doctor.
The Doctor and K9 arrive on a small barnacled moon long after the planet Deneb-7 has ceased to exist. The Doctor goes to rest while the TARDIS and K9 recalibrate themselves following a magnetic storm, but a slightly erratic K9 goes off exploring. The TARDIS' arrival has awoken robot minions beneath the surface, who await the Pendant Bearer's return, so that the "formalities" of colonisation of Deneb-7 can be completed. However, having destroyed the planet, it will take some four thousand million years for a new planet to reform. The robot minions return belowground to wait. K9 returns to the TARDIS before the Doctor awakes.
The Doctor and K9 drift into contact with a deep space entity which feeds on time itself. As time begins to move backwards, K9 reverts to the components from which he was made and eventually to a pool of metal. Meanwhile, the Doctor moves back through his third, second and finally his first incarnation at the point where the Doctor first threw the switch to bring life to his TARDIS.
The Doctor and Leela arrive on Earth in what appears to be an industrial complex. While Leela is captured, the Doctor discovers that it is the site of a sociological study in which different societies in different time periods are recreated by conditioning volunteers into believing they are different people. Their goal is to learn why previous alien conquests of Earth had failed by determining the essential strengths and weaknesses of the human race, then selling the information. Leela encourages the test subjects to fight their captors, and the Doctor shuts down the machines in the control centre.
The Doctor and Leela arrive on a barren plain in the Soviet Union of the 1950s. Twisted wreckage and remains speak of the tests of a destructive new power. The scientists responsible live in terror of their political masters.
The Doctor and Leela land in a jungle on a beautiful planet. Leela eats some of the local fruit, and the Doctor scolds her. Suddenly they hear something large approach. They hide and see a large four-legged animal. The Doctor approaches it and tries to communicate with it, but it runs away. They chase after it, to find it eating some bark from a tree. After this, it starts to speak to them in a strange language. Leela can understand him, but the Doctor cannot.
The Doctor and Leela return to Victorian London, in the year 1860.
The Doctor and Leela visit the London Zoo to find a disaster. The animals have been freed, and there are several dead animals and humans. The Doctor and Leela are attacked several times by animals. The Doctor encounters a small boy whose mother has been killed. The Doctor deduces that someone or something is making the animals act in odd ways.
The Doctor and Liv return to post-World War One London, where the Doctor meets Kitty Donaldson, and Liv strikes a friendship with her brother Martin. But what mysterious force is hunting them?
The Doctor and Liv's investigations bring them to Paris, where a monster stalks the streets.
The Doctor and Lucie go glam when the TARDIS makes an unexpected landing in 1974. Slade, the Sweet and Suzi Quatro are Top of the Pops — and brother-and-sister duo the Tomorrow Twins will soon be joining them, if Arnold Korns, a starmaking Svengali, has his way. But will their dreams turn to dust at a service station somewhere on the M62, besieged by a pack of alien monsters?
The Doctor and Lucie go on a late night shopping trip to rid a supermarket of alien superweapons disguised in the form of tomatoes.
The Doctor and Lucie try to prevent the assassination of a Draconian ambassador.
The Doctor and Majenta Pryce visit a forgotten colony that resembles a gangster-ridden Earth city in the 1930s, only to find themselves investigating the murder of a fish-headed private eye.
The Doctor and Majenta land in the grounds of an old house floating in deep space - and find terrible secrets within...
The Doctor and Martha Jones, en route to the Medusa Cascade, find themselves instead at an old mansion where their greatest fears begin to come to life.
The Doctor and Martha arrive in England in 2008, at the Hotel Splendide. They meet a maid called Lyn who claims that she encountered a zombie in a room upstairs. She is covered in green slime, which she claims came from the zombie, which exploded. Another person in the hotel, a Mrs Wiggins, also claims that she has had an encounter. She tells the Doctor and Martha that the zombie told her to get out of the hotel or they would make everyone like them again. The hotel manager also mentions that these encounters have been happening ever since they opened a month ago. The Doctor takes a slime sample to the TARDIS to test.
The Doctor and Martha arrive in the jungle on Lumana. They are soon attacked by bat-like creature with sharp claws. The creatures fly away when the Loomish arrive and sound their horn. The Loomish are cute, little, child-like, friendly creatures which ask for the Doctor's help in protecting them from the Slaken (a big, big monster that lives in the caves and wants to eat them).
The Doctor and Martha arrive on the beautiful and peaceful earth colony of Harankast. Only the Doctor hears a buzzing sound in the distance while a local vagrant  introduces himself as Joseph Manver. Manver warns them of things not right, government conspiracies, young people disappearing and weird creatures.
The Doctor and Martha find themselves aboard a ship heading for a planet destined to become colonised by the humans aboard. However all is not well as they find themselves caught between two groups fighting for their survival from the others.
The Doctor and Martha go to the frozen planet of Agelaos after the Doctor discovers a message warning people to stay away from the planet. Being curious, the Doctor lands the TARDIS on the planet. There, as they are walking around the planet, Martha and the Doctor are chased by strange mutants. They are rescued by a man named Waechter who is connected to the lighthouse beacon that is keeping the warning message running.
The Doctor and Martha land on the Isle of Wight in 1973, where the TARDIS controls begin to move and flick on their own. A metallic wristwatch flies through the doors of the TARDIS and exits through the back wall of the control room, leaving no sign of entry. Meanwhile, across the nearby area, metallic pylons begin to remove themselves from their foundations and walk across the countryside, causing large amounts of damage. It also seems that cars and other vehicles are being drawn in the same direction as the pylons.
The Doctor and Martha land on the planet Geravalon, where a spaceship is about to crash. They head towards a castle that the ship will probably overshoot, to land in the forest behind. They meet a chameleon, which is startled by the crash. They find the wreckage of an escape pod, a young girl and a man beside it. The man is bleeding badly. The girl is trying to dress the wound. An elderly man appears. He confirms the girl is a servant and the man is Prince Rodrique, heir to the premiership of the Majullion Confederation and introduces himself as Padros.The girl says that her name is Sastra.  Martha realises that she is in shock.
The Doctor and Martha visit a village, where there are stories of an evil man living in a castle. But is he actually the real villain?
The Doctor and Martha, along with the Seamancer, are transported to an alien world which is heavily protected by the Suroban. The Suroban sentence the Doctor and the crew to death. Can the Doctor find a way to return everyone back to Earth before the Suroban begin the executions?
The Doctor and Mel decide to visit  Paradise Towers, a residential complex that promises a peaceful life to its residents. However, the establishment is far from what its name suggests. A conflict persists among the Kangs, humanesque, multicolour beings who gather in opposing gangs based on which colour of the rainbow they bear. Furthermore, killer cleaning robots prowl the halls, and a secret in the complex's basement poses the greatest threat of all
The Doctor and Mel face their final confrontation with the Valeyard - and the Doctor must make the ultimate sacrifice.
The Doctor and Mel join Alisha Hammerson, the Auton head of Hammerson Plastic PLC, at her Millennium Party. Their arrival is not unexpected and the Doctor is not surprised. He has been waiting to discover Alisha's plans. Alisha, having begun to replicate the businessmen in attendance at the party, reintroduces the Doctor to the Nestene Consciousness. A plastic meteor is the only weak link with the Nestene home world and even though the Doctor does not manage to destroy it with a liquid in a glass phial, Mel has a spare and uses it. The meteor is destroyed and contact with the Nestene is broken. The Autons, Alisha included, are rendered lifeless.
The Doctor and Mel land in what appears to be an orbiting warehouse, a delivery facility with a dangerously erratic computer.
The Doctor and Mel take a shuttle from Io to Cressida, a former moon of Uranus that has been turned into a spaceship. It has been programmed to make adjustments to the Hub, the communications array located at Uranus. It is also the prime location to watch the collision of the asteroid Maleficent with the surface of Uranus. The Doctor is here to ensure this collision takes place, because in a few billion years, a new life form will be created, partly caused by the events of this collision.
The Doctor and Molly find themselves at the very edge of creation. But something dangerous seems to be heading back into the known universe from the very end of time.
The Doctor and Mrs Wibbsey are catapulted from present day Earth to a futuristic civilisation in a distant galaxy. At the Robotov Palace they find the Tsar and Tsarina ruling over their empire whilst human workers toil on satellite moons. The Doctor is mistaken for an old ally of the Tsarina's, but then suspected of treason when the Palace comes under attack. Dark secrets are lurking in the shadows, and the mysterious Father Gregory will set off a chain of events which have long-lasting consequences for the Doctor and Mrs Wibbsey.
The Doctor and Nyssa are visiting a tribe of gypsies on the last Christmas Eve of the twelfth century. A gypsy girl, Ioanna, tells Nyssa that on the last Christmas Eve of every century, the dead appear to those responsible for their deaths. They appear in the church, to which the villagers refuse to allow the gypsies admittance. Ioanna blames herself for her mother's death, so she wishes to attend the church service. The Doctor believes aliens are the source of the manifestations.
The Doctor and Nyssa arrive on Earth in Greenford. It is completely deserted. They finally come across a man who is staggering through the streets, ignoring their attempts to talk to him. He finally reaches the window of a television rental store, and watches the programme depicted on the televisions in the window. His attention is completely on the programme, and he is oblivious to the Doctor and Nyssa's presence.
The Doctor and Nyssa have landed on a devastated planet. They find themselves on a train in the midst of where a murder has taken place. The Doctor says they should separate, and he ends up in business class. He reads a magazine, carefully ignoring the two people in the compartment with him.
The Doctor and Oliver encounter Gravkrom-Vey, who claims to be a Manicoll trying to preserve the last of the Monkrah. Gravkrom-Vey convinces Oliver to open a lock, which is little more than a simple game.
The Doctor and Peri are having coffee in Prague when the city falls into a temporary autonomous zone. The Doctor explains that, under normal circumstances, this would only last a few minutes, then things would return to normal. However, there is a being, calling himself Anarchy, who is trying to destroy Prague.
The Doctor and Peri are in the TARDIS console room when the console explodes. Peri wakes to find herself in the Doctor's body, and there is no trace of him (presumably in her body). The scanner shows only static, so Peri leaves the TARDIS.
The Doctor and Peri are running down a corridor, chased by N'Tian soldiers who are firing at them. They turn a corner and come to a lift. It works too slowly for them, as they can hear the soldiers approaching. The Doctor spies the entrance to a ventilator shaft, and they hide in there as the soldiers approach.
The Doctor and Peri arrive on the planet Necros to visit a facility called Tranquil Repose, where the wealthy can have their newly deceased bodies cryogenically frozen until medical science can cure them of their ailment. The Doctor wishes to pay his last respects to his friend, Professor Arthur Stengos, but it turns out this is just a ruse to lure him into a trap. The Great Healer masterminding Tranquil Repose is in fact Davros, who has been using the organic material in cryogenic storage to create a whole new army of Daleks to conquer the universe.
The Doctor and Peri find themselves in the Museum of Aural Antiquities, where every sound is stored for posterity — from the speeches of Visteen Krane to security service wire taps and interrogation tapes. But they also find an intruder, mysteriously changed recordings, and a dead body.
The Doctor and Peri find themselves in the palatial gardens of the deposed Empress Safira Valtris where nothing is ever quite what it seems.
The Doctor and Peri have been on holiday, visiting old friend Reverend Foxwell in the sleepy English village of Hollowdean. But why are their memories so hazy?
The Doctor and Peri have landed in the middle of a heat wave. As they walk through dry fields, they notice greenery in the distance. As they approach it, they see it is a village named Sair.
The Doctor and Peri land in desolate ruins on Earth, tens of thousands of years in Peri's future. The Earth had been attacked by the Pararachnids, huge space-borne swarming aliens who left the planet in ruins and incidentally left several colonies of Pararachnids behind. The humans that survived the attack built tunnels underground and set up the Line, a place where they were put in a kind of suspended animation and were fed and exercised by robots called Monitors. The Doctor came to this time to find an item he needs to recalibrate the TARDIS.
The Doctor and Peri take a holiday on the planet Grallista Social, but soon discover they aren't the only time-travelling aliens in town.
The Doctor and Peri visit the planet Targos Delta to check in on old friend Professor Albrecht Thompson, only to discover that he has vanished. He was last sighted taking a shuttle to the holiday resort of Paradise 5, then never seen again.
The Doctor and Romana I learn the second segment of the Key to Time is on the planet Calufrax. Yet they arrive on a planet called Zanak, which has been hollowed out and fitted with hyperspace engines, allowing its insane, half-robot Captain to materialise it around smaller planets and plunder their resources.
The Doctor and Romana II watch the end of the universe. As the dimensions collapse, the Doctor gives Romana the last Rolo in the universe for St. Valentine's Day.
The Doctor and Romana are trapped in the solid steel dungeons of the Turgids, completely surrounded by the enemies. Romana believes that they are finally in a position where they can not escape, but the Doctor says that he still has a few tricks up his sleeves as he pulls out a TARDIS Turner, an exclusive piece of Time Lord technology. The device is able to knock out their guard and send their coordinates to the TARDIS, and they are soon off the planet. Romana asks the Doctor where he wants to go now, to which the Doctor replies "Anywhere Romana! As long as we have the TARDIS Tuner!"
The Doctor and Romana arrive on Argolis in search of a peaceful holiday at the famed Leisure Hive. Instead they become embroiled in both a takeover scheme by the Argolins' historic enemy the Foamasi and the machinations of Pangol, child of the Generator.
The Doctor and Romana arrive on the marsh moon of Delta Magna in search of the next segment of the Key to Time. They are caught in the conflict between the native Swampies and the crew of a chemical refinery. The presence of a gun runner complicates matters; to make things worse, the Swampies intend to awaken Kroll, the giant god that lives beneath the swamps.
The Doctor and Romana land in Budapest, intent on enjoying another holiday, but shortly after landing they find themselves too late to save the life of a man who has seemingly been attacked by a vampire. As they learn that this is the latest in a series of violent attacks, it becomes clear that they have stumbled onto something that needs investigating.
The Doctor and Romana receive a distress signal and arrive on Chloris. It is a lush and verdant world with only small quantities of metals, all of which are controlled by its ruler, Lady Adrasta. Adrasta keeps order with the aid of her Huntsman and his Wolfweeds - mobile balls of vegetation. A band of thieves, led by Torvin, organise raids on her palace to steal whatever metal they can. But in the mines of Chloris is something huge, a creature thrown into the pit to be forgotten... and the Doctor is about to join him.
The Doctor and Romana visit Prague in the 30th century because a man named Kaj Jepperson has invented a time machine. He barely listens to them, complaining that his assistants, Frantiek Hrabal and Emilie Smetana, have been murdered so he has no time to answer questions. When they learn he is using zygma energy, they unsuccessfully try to talk him out of completing it.
The Doctor and Rose Tyler arrive on a Magellan-class star cruiser circa 3000 AD, where they encounter the members of Pakafroon Wabster, the greatest rock band in history. The Doctor soon discovers that the ship is caught in a time loop which repeats the same few hours prior to the vessel's destruction by sabotage. After experiencing one of the loops, which results in the (temporary) death of Rose, the Doctor works to solve a double mystery: how to break the time loop, and the identity of the saboteur.
The Doctor and Rose Tyler land on the icebound world of Serac where they encounter the Sontaran crew of the Betrothal of Sontar, a mining vessel commanded by Colonel Snathe, whose quest for the "Worldbane", a source of incredible power, has driven him insane. As the Doctor attempts to help Snathe find the Worldbane — mainly in order to recover the TARDIS — Rose befriends Lerox, an unusual Sontaran who possesses a conscience, and who holds the key to saving not only the Doctor and Rose, but the homeworld of Sontar itself.
The Doctor and Rose are enjoying the pleasures of Askenflatt Minor (the Warp Hotel — best tea in the known universe!) when they are interrupted by a group of strange creatures with microphones and cameras who start asking Rose what its like to travel with the future Champion of Askenflatt — the man who will lie his life down to defend the people against Hasval the Destroyer!
The Doctor and Rose arrive at Wumba's World of Wild, an alien safari park (without meerkats!). They are rounded up and tranquillised, then put in the human enclosure, a reservation surrounded by a mile-high fence. In the enclosure the Doctor and Rose meet third wave Earth colonists from the 41st century. They were happily settled before aliens came and set up the park.
The Doctor and Rose land on a once bustling space station. They find it empty save for Disinfectodroids, who are programmed to clean up all junk, germs and bacteria after a space-plague threatened the space station. The Disinfectodroids were obsessive and cleaned up everything, including the people. They dumped them, with the rest of the Earth's rubbish, on a planet the other side of the galaxy.
The Doctor and Rose visit a world of fairy tales, where everyone's an android...
The Doctor and Sam are travelling in the TARDIS when something goes wrong. There is an explosion and everything goes dark. After turning on the emergency lighting, the Doctor discovers they are in deepest space and have landed "in countless different times all at once".
The Doctor and Sam arrive on Proxima II, one of the earliest planets colonised in humanity's first big push into space. But instead of a brave new world, they find a settlement rife with superstition and unrest.
The Doctor and Sam have landed on Eros. Asheya, the queen of Eros, is intrigued by the Doctor, and orders him brought to her, but Sam is to be killed.
The Doctor and Sarah Jana are sent on a mission by the Time Lords to Ecros. The Daleks enslaves the Klims. Their plan is to use their driller to destroy the Earth. Will the Doctor stop their plan?
The Doctor and Sarah Jane Smith are returning to 20th century England in the TARDIS, but a misstep has them materialising centuries earlier.  They leave the TARDIS to explore but soon have to hide from a hunting party of rampaging Danes led by Ulric.  Unable to penetrate the TARDIS with an axe, Ulric concludes it is a magic box bestowed upon them by the Norse god Woden.  They bring the TARDIS back to the Danish ships on the coast, but their leader and Ulric's father Heekon is displeased that they have returned with a box instead of meat.  Heekon orders the TARDIS be set on fire, but when it does not burn, he too is convinced it is a divine gift.
The Doctor and Sarah Jane pay an ill-timed visit to P. T. Barnum and The Greatest Show on Earth.
The Doctor and Sarah are in the TARDIS. He promises to take her to the theatre.
The Doctor and Sarah are staying at the home of Rector Adams, who has rescued the Doctor from near-drowning. The rector has received an invitation to Lady Huntingdon's ball and invites the Doctor and Sarah to accompany him. The Doctor isn't interested and leaves for the TARDIS with Sarah. However, on the way, he discovers a double-decker bus in the woods and decides to attend the ball after all.
The Doctor and Sarah had been visiting the planet Yula when the Doctor sensed a disturbance in the Communal Will, the shared minds of the planet's inhabitants. Investigating, he traced the source to high levels of psychic energy coming from Crellium, a supposedly uninhabited swamp planet.
The Doctor and Sarah have arrived in Saigon during the Vietnam War in 1969. Sarah is excited at the prospect of meeting some of her journalistic heroes, so she heads for the Continental Palace Hotel, where she knows many of them are staying. The Doctor, meanwhile heads out for a bite to eat.
The Doctor and Sarah have landed in Victorian England. The Doctor plans to take Sarah to a show, though when he learns the date, he notes that entertainment "will soon be rather hard to come by".
The Doctor and Sarah have landed on the Siccati colony of Cerulean. They meet sculptor Pug>llism and admire his creation. Suddenly the air raid alarms sound, and Pug insists they go to the Hippodrome, the only safe place. The Siccati head for the Hippodrome, but several are still left outside when the attack comes. From inside the Hippodrome, the Doctor, Sarah and Pug watch as the force field opens, and Pug's creation fires at the attacking rocket from Vermill. It is ineffective, however, and the rocket fires on the colony. Hundreds of Siccati are killed.
The Doctor and Sarah land in Napier at Christmas, and the Doctor decides they need to make a Christmas cake. He tears the recipe in half and the two split up to shop.
The Doctor and Steven materialise on an asteroid on which a peace treaty is about to be signed between humans and Omwanar. However, Space-General Robert Simmons, the only human trusted by the Omwanar, who was to sign the treaty, has just died of a heart attack. His personal assistant, Harlow, is afraid this means the war will continue, but the Doctor has an idea.
The Doctor and Susan, having just left the planet Tacunda, are travelling in the TARDIS. The Doctor has a crystal, called by the Tacunda people a "Blessing Star", which he fits into the console. He explains to Susan that the primitive Tacunda thought the crystal brought good luck, but in reality there is a microscopic empathic creature inside the crystal that responds to the desires of whoever is holding the crystal.
The Doctor and Tegan are trying to take the Gravis to a new planet, but the planet on which they have landed isn't the right one. The Doctor wants to explore, and the Gravis is willing (at first) but Tegan isn't interested in this wet, muddy planet.
The Doctor and Turlough arrive on a planet where to be forgotten is to cease to exist. But the Forgotten leave a gap in the world – and that’s where the monsters are hiding.
The Doctor and Turlough have landed in Pretoria on 11 April 1877, expecting to see the announcing of the annexation of the Transvaal into the British Empire. However, nothing happens. The Doctor is concerned that someone or something has changed history, though he has set the TARDIS to detect such things and it hasn't found anything.
The Doctor and Vicki are on Phobos Station, trying to find Steven on the surface of Mars. When the TARDIS detected a distress signal, Steven had taken a ship to rescue the pilot, Hazam,  but the two of them crashed on Mars. The station is unable to send help because of the storm raging on the surface. However, Vicki and the Doctor are hopeful after a technician detects two space suits' transponder codes. Commander Tugwell is adamant against sending help, as it is too risky. When Hazam's mother, Ambassador Grys, arrives, the situation is explained to her.
The Doctor and William arrive in London in the evening and meet a man named Damien McKittrick walking his dog, Mackie. William is shocked that the dog is allowed to relieve itself anywhere (including on the TARDIS), but Damien explains that a city ordinance allows dogs to do their business anywhere. He also explains that London is under a state of emergency and there is a curfew.
The Doctor and William visit a mobile city that is far in William's future in order to get fuel for the TARDIS. An insectoid named Fingal arranges a meeting for them with Eldric Bansal, who can get the fuel for them. However, Bansal is murdered during the meeting, and the inspector, suspecting the Doctor and William, gives them several hours to investigate and clear their names.
The Doctor and Wolfie return with Heather to Edinburgh University. They find the whole campus playing a new puzzle game and over the past days kids have been missing. The Doctor decides to find out about this game with Wolfie tagging along.
The Doctor and a newly-regenerated Romana arrive on Skaro to find that the Daleks are using explosive charges and a group of humanoid slave workers to mine the planet in search of their creator, Davros. A stalemate has arisen in an interplanetary war that the Daleks are waging against the robotic Movellans, and their hope is that Davros will be able to give them the edge.
The Doctor and his companion Sarah battle against some of the most heinous foes to emerge from the outer universe: The Pescatons. The Doctor finds himself in the capital city of London, where the population is bewildered and trembling beneath the violent onslaught of a merciless invader.
The Doctor and his companion, Sheena, land the TARDIS on the glamorous luxury space-liner Theseus just as it’s about to leave the Jupiter space-port. An opportunity for a holiday presents itself – and it’s one they’re very glad to take.
The Doctor and his companions Steven Taylor and Dodo Chaplet arrive some ten million years into the future, on board a generation starship which is carrying the last of humanity away from an Earth that is about to fall into the Sun. However, the cold that Dodo has could prove devastating to these future humans and their servants, the Monoids.
The Doctor and his companions answer a distress call from a vast spaceship carrying the remnants of a dying race...
The Doctor and his companions arrive at a medieval joust and are surprised to be greeted warmly by King John, who calls them his demons. But when a young nobleman returns, having just left King John in London, the Doctor realises that this king must be an impostor! Then the Master makes an appearance and the Doctor's worst fears are confirmed...
The Doctor and his companions land in the city of Arkhaven, the last bastion of civilisation on a doomed world.
The Doctor and his companions visit 17th century London, expecting to celebrate Christmas. However, at a local tavern, the White Rabbit,  the landlord tries to keep them from mentioning Christmas, which has been declared illegal by Cromwell. However, they are overheard by guards and the three are arrested.
The Doctor and his companions visit what appears to be a deserted, ruined city. A robot appears, frightening them back to the TARDIS, and they depart.
The Doctor and his friends are stuck in Chicago in 2006. The Doctor has lost the TARDIS in a bet with a businessman named Buchanan, and the four must journey to California to retrieve it. They take a road trip across America. On the way, they stop to enjoy themselves in several American cities.
The Doctor and his friends find themselves in Bradgate after a harrowing experience in the TARDIS in which Barbara was possessed by a Vrij and tried to strangle Ian. The Vrij escaped and brought the TARDIS to the 16th century.
The Doctor and his friends head to the 1966 World Cup final. While the Doctor and Amy discover that the Time Lord isn't the only alien visiting Wembley, Rory finds himself playing a crucial role in this historic England vs. West Germany football match...
The Doctor and his friends, Ssard and Stacy Townsend, arrive in Victorian London, where they discover a spaceship which is invisible to the people of the time. They meet the ship's occupant, P'fer'd, an Equinoid. He resembles a gaudily-coloured horse. P'fer'd tells the Doctor his wife M'rek'd is missing. Stacy and some street urchins rescue M'rek'd from a freak show. However the owner of the freak show is not himself human, but a shape-shifting alien; Stacy and the urchins are attacked. P'fer'd is re-united with M'rek'd and the Doctor and Ssard with Stacy... apparently.
The Doctor and his new friend Gus arrive on Celeste, a world populated by intelligent soldiers. Yet all is not what it seems. The soldiers are under the control of the sinister Moderator, who is using the gift of Celeste to create a link to Earth. Can the Doctor stop him from invading another planet?
The Doctor and his new friend Tom discover a dog is bringing thousands of warriors to Earth, causing a full scale invasion
The Doctor and the Brigadier attend the demonstration of a new power car called the Multi-Mobile. When it's stolen by enemy agents, the Doctor finds himself in a battle to save Earth from a nuclear war.
The Doctor and the TARDIS are feeling the effects of an anomaly in the Time Vortex. The Doctor hears a familiar tune. Out in the void, there are dozens and dozens of dead spacefish. The Doctor sees a spacecraft that grabs hold of the TARDIS.
The Doctor answers a distress call from Irene, an elderly lady living on her own on the mini-moon of Delphi. Landing nearby, the Doctor has to cut his way through the jungle with a grass cutter from the TARDIS, fending off the man-eating alien weeds that have infested the place.
The Doctor answers a distress call. He finds a man, connected to machines in a room full of machines. He has helped the man escape the machines before, but it has never been this bad. While he works to free the man, the man finally answers his questions.
The Doctor answers a psionic distress call being sent from England in the 1920s. There, in the environs of a fairground, he is reunited with an old friend: Harry Houdini. To Adric and Nyssa the name means very little, but to the Doctor's companion Tegan he is a legend. Escape artist extraordinaire, Houdini's reputation will last for decades.
The Doctor arranges a jazz session at the Royal Albert Hall with his best friend Sarah Jane Smith, but their train is sidetracked by an insect-like race called the Kalik which are eager to feast on the hapless passengers.
The Doctor arrives at a prison in space, A machine is taking the minds of others...
The Doctor arrives during the closing countdown to the launch of Clean-up Day — when an army of automated Garbage-bots are turned over live to remove all rubbish for a cleaner future. But given the freedom to decide what is rubbish the Gar-bots include the humans (which they detect to be covered in germs), and begin a clear-up. The Doctor disguising himself as rubbish, gets collected and taken to the sorting centre where he discovers the Gar-bots central processor and re-programmes their definition of rubbish. As a result of the Doctor's tinkering the Gar-bots turn on each other, and free the humans they had trapped inside.
The Doctor arrives in 1920's Hollywood and uncovers a conspiracy.
The Doctor arrives in America and joins General George Custer and Tatanka Yotanka as men turn into monsters...
The Doctor arrives in London to find that Earth's people have been hypnotised into repeating the actions they did the day before. Can the Doctor free them from their conditioning in time to stop an invasion?
The Doctor arrives in Mongolia during the Cretaceous period to pick up Ace, whom he had dropped off there. Along the way he encounters a pit of Dholes and an alien slave who has escaped from a nearby construction site. Ace arrives with a herd of assorted dinosaurs to trample the site, destroy it and free the slaves.
The Doctor arrives in a Velyshaan museum dedicated to the Dalek War. He meets Kalendorf there, an old soldier. They reminisce about the war. The Doctor needed to meet Kalendorf  so he could help him make a decision that would destroy the Daleks, albeit at the cost of everything the Doctor holds dear, namely Gallifrey and Time Lords.
The Doctor arrives in a bleak English midwinter of long ago. Plunging into the snowy landscape of the Dark Ages, he learns that wild dogs besiege the local Tilling Abbey every night. When he is given shelter by the sisters of the abbey, the Doctor begs an audience with the Mother Superior they fiercely protect. Something unearthly has already happened here — and if the Doctor is right, it's connected to his recent encounters with an ancient enemy.
The Doctor arrives in an underwater base on the planet Flydon Maxima — known locally as "Despair" because hope is lost for all life there. The scientific base has for centuries been monitoring the results of planetary warming — the slow melting of the glaciers at the south pole and subsequent rise in sea levels. Curiously their most advanced monitoring equipment was created and donated by Varlos. The Doctor is helped by a little girl called Gisella. Why did Varlos risk coming here? What has caused the ice to crumble so rapidly now? Can the Doctor evade the rampaging Dreadbringers, and sort out the attacking sea monsters? Who is Gisella and will she and the Doctor manage to escape in the TARDIS?
The Doctor arrives on Earth in 2025 to visit Linda Grainger, but he discovers that everyone on Earth seems to know him. Not only that, but things don't seem to have changed much since the 1990s, and the Doctor wonders where are the innovations that will eventually lead humans to explore beyond their solar system.
The Doctor arrives on Zaos, home of the friendly Zaons. The Daleks have arrived in force, intending to use the planet as a base to attack Earth. The Doctor sends a distress signal to the Sky Ray Space Raiders. They arrive and help him make contact with the giant Astrobeetles, who assist in destroying the Daleks. Afterwards, the Space Raiders contact Earth for the parts the Doctor needs to repair his damaged TARDIS.
The Doctor arrives on a coastal hilltop in England 1348, around the same time as the Black Death. He bumps into another doctor, dressed in a bird-like costume, who has been visiting the local sick villagers. The doctor is fleeing from some "different" plague victims with green flesh, behaving like zombies, who are in pursuit. The two hide in a nearby forest.
The Doctor arrives on a planet where it is raining hard. He ventures out into the muck and discovers a couple of hooded figures, who mysteriously say they've been waiting for him. They've mistaken him for Asiries, the representative of the Raymah, the galactic leader. They explain that they are to take him immediately to Qar, the planetary leader. On the trip to the capitol, the Doctor and his party encounter some Tryods, a species of vaguely lupine animals. His travelling companions have little regard for the sanctity of Tryod life, but the Doctor notes some kind of sapience when he watches the way two of them battle each other.
The Doctor arrives on a planet where two tribes, the savage Sevateem and the technically brilliant Tesh, are at war. He meets Leela, an exile from the Sevateem, and discovers that their god of evil is apparently himself.
The Doctor arrives on the planet Wengrol in the Crab Nebula, inhabited by shapeshifters. Taken as a specimen by humanoid scientists who believe he is a shapeshifter who had stabilized in a single form, the Doctor finds the scientists unwilling to believe that he is an intelligent lifeform. Once the scientists realise their error, the Doctor is taken before Fomal, the Chief Yend.
The Doctor arrives on what appears to be a sleeper ship. However, when he encounters a Vogan robot, the Doctor sets out to free the people aboard and those who are at its destination, for the Vogans are notorious slavers!
The Doctor attempts to attend his friend's birthday party on Maruthea, but instead, the TARDIS lands in London 1992. The Doctor teams up with the homeless Leapy when he discovers that the warlike Gantacians have taken over the planet. But what is the fabled treasure of Zanta Wrouth, and who is really in charge of the Gantacians?
The Doctor attends a show of the Great Mordillo, who turns out to be an alien creature, that fled from slavery.
The Doctor attends a virtual reality dream concert by rock star Diamond Sharp while Mel watches the technicians, Alec and Carol, work the consoles.
The Doctor attends the party of the Lorduke of Zazz at the behest of Peri and Frobisher. They deliver a package for Professor Strut, only to find a self-replicating robot within. It begins to plague the planet.
The Doctor awakes from a sleep and feels that something is in the TARDIS with him, noting a drop in temperature. He searches his surroundings before checking the console. While he set the TARDIS for Earth in the 20th century, he has impossibly drifted into the vast black regions of the outer Universe, meaning he'd have to have been sleeping for a month.
The Doctor becomes concerned about the health of a boy called Jonah, who has chronic granulomatous disorder (CGD). His investigations lead him to another boy under Doctor Richard Sterling's care called Brian. Brian looks almost identical to Jonah, apart from being a bit older, but the boys are unaware of each other's existence. The Doctor decides to look around Sterling's house to find out what is going on. He finds notes from tests conducted on Jonah. The notes reveal that Jonah is a healthy clone of Brian. Sterling created Jonah to cure Brian and plans to kill him. Sterling arrives back home to find the Doctor, who evades Sterling's grasp and takes Jonah somewhere he will be safe and happy for the rest of his life, leaving Richard Sterling still looking for a way to cure Brian.
The Doctor becomes involved in a plot of the Daleks to replicate his TARDIS, with the help of Shazar, a Half-Time Lord.
The Doctor brings Ace back to her home town of Perivale. Her old friends are being kidnapped by a race of alien hunters called the Cheetah People, who were shown the way to Earth by the Doctor's old enemy the Master.
The Doctor brings Ace to Gabriel Chase, an old house that she once burnt down in her home town of Perivale. However, trying to get Ace to accept her guilt is not the real reason the Doctor came here; a mysterious and highly mentally unstable being slays below them.
The Doctor brings Bernice Summerfield to a planet where they get Christmas just right. But this year, something's gone very wrong. An ancient force has been hunting the Doctor for a long time, and finally it has found him. As it closes in on the Time Lord, Bernice must make a truly terrible decision. One that she'll immediately forget.
The Doctor brings Flip to the futuristic city of Festin, the best vantage point to witness a unique astronomical light show. In a city governed by the all-powerful network known as the Cortex, they’re soon identified as outsiders – nihilists, perhaps, responsible for a wave of terror that's been sweeping the city... But the truth is different. The people of Festin are burning up. Spontaneously combusting. And no-one knows why...
The Doctor builds a machine designed to predict the future. It shows the Brigadier murdering him and Jo in cold blood. Unable to tell where or when this event is destined to occur, the Doctor and Jo decide that they must stay apart.
The Doctor comes down to Earth with a bang, as Free Comic Book Day gets out of control — thanks to an invasive story!
The Doctor decides it's safe to go back in time to find Varlos before he died. From what Gisella recalls of her father's plans, they head for Paris in 1895 where they discover a city in fear. Why will hardly anyone dare venture out after dark? Who is stealing time from their victims? What will the Doctor do when he realises the killer is also after him? Find out by reading the next thrilling adventure in... The Darksmith Legacy!
The Doctor decides to demonstrate his latest piece of equipment, but as Sarah and Harry are taken prisoner by pirates, the Doctor must hurry to have it operational.
The Doctor decides to test how good Missy has become by sending her on a trial run with Bill and Nardole. However, when things go wrong, the Doctor takes over. With Bill trapped in a different time zone, can the Doctor make it to her before it is too late, and who are all those people getting cured?
The Doctor discovers that Stacy has been replaced by a renegade shape shifter. The Doctor traps the four shape shifters in a sonic bubble and returns them to their home planet.
The Doctor doesn't normally need money, but when the TARDIS is immobilised and a fine has to be paid, a loan from a bank in the sky seems the solution to his problem.
The Doctor dresses as Santa Claus and, with his helper Romana, sneaks into the Brigadier's house on Christmas Eve to leave him a present.
The Doctor encounters an invisible entity insistent on forcing him to relive memories of monsters and companions past.
The Doctor encounters witches on Vargo.
The Doctor enters the Forge. Several times security guards try to stop him, but the Doctor soon realises that he is being herded somewhere — doors close behind him and open ahead of him. 
The Doctor fiddles with the TARDIS console, replacing an element he apparently has previously removed. The act launches the TARDIS. Soon he's at a Parisian museum. Outside, he finds it's a Nazi-controlled Paris. The Gestapo soon descend upon him. As he is without proper papers, they take him away to be questioned by a local pro-Nazi scientist, Professor Schmidt. Schmidt is developing a truth serum with which he hopes to curry Nazi favour by breaking the local Reynard French Resistance cell. He has even higher hopes that it will prove useful in the coming invasion of England.
The Doctor finally gets round to taking Amy Pond and Rory Williams to Pondinium — a planet covered in small pools that reflect a possible version of the viewers own future. When Rory accidentally falls into one of the ponds he is rescued by Amy who dives in after him but from the pond emerges a Aquarpey. The ponds are traps that create small water puddles of psychic resonance particles. The Aquarpray is alone and has been for a long time, centuries, creating so many ponds. In another pond the Aquarpey catches a glimpse of a happy family future with her own young. With no threat posed, the travellers are sympathetic to the creatures lonely and with a bit of an effort manage to get the creature through the TARDIS' double doors and take her home.
The Doctor finds a man who appears to be losing his grip in a world without other people.  It's up to the Time Lord to figure out where everyone is gone and how he can stop the man's mental decline.
The Doctor finds himself caught in the middle of a conflict between the warlike Fars and the peaceful Rafs. Will he stop this war?
The Doctor finds himself in London, having made an unexpected trip through the Time Vortex, but he doesn't know when. It's hotter than he can ever remember it. As he soaks his feet in the river, he is captured by a group of men, many of whom are former UNIT members, including Sergeant Benton. He is brought before Mike Yates, who is angry that the Doctor doesn't recognise him. He blames the Doctor for the current state of things. The Doctor notices a Time Lord message pod in Yates' office, unnoticed by the humans as it is a chronon out of sync with normal time. He also notices that Yates has an advanced interfacing device implanted in his nostril.
The Doctor finds himself in his dream garden. He is approached by his first incarnation, who wonders what he is doing here. The Fourth Doctor realises he shouldn't be here, because he hasn't regenerated yet, and wonders if his next regeneration is approaching.
The Doctor finds himself near Ajax Creek in California. Nearby he finds some belongings and looks through them, concerned that the owner is lost. He finds a deed for gold mining in the creek and a letter. Both belong to John Pengelly. A man with glittering eyes appears. The Doctor greets him, but the man cries out and runs off, quoting from the letter as he runs.
The Doctor finds himself on trial before the Shadow Proclamation where the Crystal is legally returned to Gisella. The Doctor is ready to continue his mission until Gisella betrays him, staying with the Darksmiths. But she accidentally reveals where the Darksmiths are meeting their client. The Doctor arrives on the chosen planet, and becomes involved in an adventure involving missing eyes and souls. Will the Doctor solve this mystery and stop the hand over of the Crystal?
The Doctor finds his first incarnation's signet ring stuck in the TARDIS console and, having recovered it, decides to start wearing it again.
The Doctor follows a psychic scream to the planet Tya, home of an Earth colony and the Tyans, a formerly advanced race which is now primitive. An archaeological expedition has uncovered the Barrier, an impenetrable shield more powerful than current force screen technology. The Doctor, with the aid of scientist Kalare, studies the symbols on the tunnel walls near the Barrier and realises that they are a mathematical formula which grants access to the interior. There, a voice requests that the Doctor bring its children to itself. The Doctor telepathically gives a Tyan the completed formula, causing all members of its race to rapidly evolve into new beings.
The Doctor gives Martha a plastic box to keep safe. They are in the caves of Karadax, and there is a Karadax octopus droid nearby. The Doctor dashes off to find it, and Martha opens the box to find a sock. Suddenly, a portal opens in the wall and out steps an older Martha. She tells the younger Martha that she should stop travelling with the Doctor, or people she loves like Letitia will be hurt. Martha realises this person isn't her, because Tish never goes by "Letitia". The duplicate reveals that she is an android from the Martha exhibit in the Museum of the Doctor. She was stolen and reprogrammed.
The Doctor goes to Logopolis to repair the TARDIS' chameleon circuit, not knowing that a shadowy watcher is spying on him.
The Doctor has a spot of unfinished business. Reunited with his old friends Romana and K9, he answers a summons from Professor Chronotis, a retired Time Lord now living the academic life in a Cambridge college.
The Doctor has always admired the work of William Shakespeare. So he is a little surprised that Charley doesn't hold the galaxy's greatest playwright in the same esteem. In fact, she's never heard of him.
The Doctor has always been wary of meddling with established history. But what happens when the history books lie?
The Doctor has another fifty-year-old mystery on his hands...
The Doctor has become a celebrity in the early days of his Time Lord-imposed exile on Earth. He is a panellist on the game show Explain My Mystery. One of the callers, Mr. Glenlock-Hogan, a farmer, has a mystery, a strange case of scarecrows who walk at night, which stumps the Doctor. Intrigued, he goes to explore the farmer's land at night so he can see the walking scarecrows for himself. When he does, the scarecrows capture him with an energy weapon and reveal they were sent by the Time Lords to begin the second phase of the Doctor's sentence. As the Doctor is being carried off by the scarecrows, he calls out to the frightened farmer: "Fear no more, Hogan... After this dreadful night has passed your scarecrows will not walk again!"
The Doctor has been behaving suspiciously lately, and the Brigadier has been having him followed. He asks Liz to find out what's going on.
The Doctor has been captured and put on trial by his own people, accused of their greatest crime: interfering with the affairs of other peoples and planets. He is sentenced to exile on Earth. That much is history.
The Doctor has been imprisoned and Nyssa must tell stories to save him. But the stories' true purpose is much more sinister...
The Doctor has been pondering a question: have people ever been truly alone? Does something lurk unseen beside us all? With Clara at his side, the Time Lord will find himself delving into familiar pasts and eerie futures. Just where does the answer to the old man's unanswerable question lie? Will he find the answers he's been searching for, or will his quest cost him his life this time?
The Doctor has been pursued through time and captured for the "crime" of time travel. Sentenced to trial by combat, the Time Lord allies himself with the inventor of Earth's first time machine to discover the true power behind this deadly game.
The Doctor has been taking Leela to experience several different Christmases, but Leela has had enough of Christmas. When the TARDIS dematerialises, the Doctor is apologetic — they have landed on Gloricious in 2172, on Christmas.
The Doctor has brought seven extremely wealthy citizens to what he calls "Purgatoria". These people are so wealthy that they've become bored with life, and they've come here to experience something out of the ordinary.
The Doctor has discovered the Darksmiths' Eternity Crystal and is determined to destroy it before it falls into the wrong hands. But to find out more about the Crystal, the Doctor must travel to Mordane, the peaceful cemetery planet. But once the sun goes down, Mordane turns into a planet of nightmares. Will the Doctor manage to hold on to the Crystal and fight off the living dead?
The Doctor has ended up on Earth with Jake, a young man from 1939, 50 million years in his future. The only species left on Earth are two species of large robotic ants and a cattle-like species that the Doctor claims are the descendants of humans.
The Doctor has fallen to his death. His companion, Lucie Miller, has returned to her life on Earth, grief-stricken. Then, one night, an alien visitor arrives at her front door and shoots her.
The Doctor has landed on the planet Aronassus 49 in response to a general distress call from his old friend, High Minister Threll.  He's not quite sure why Threll is in trouble, but their friendship makes answering the call a priority.  After a long trek through the desert surrounding Prime City, the Doctor and Tegan finally are escorted roughly to Threll by the city's guards.
The Doctor has managed to get the TARDIS to take him and Jo to Estringokl, where he hopes to show Jo the festival of Planetfall. However, they are faced with a blizzard and an ice-covered planet. The Doctor feels that something is calling him, so he ventures outside, after donning weather-appropriate clothing.
The Doctor has regenerated, or has he?
The Doctor has seen a glimpse of the future, and learns that his present incarnation will end soon. For a while, he sulks in his TARDIS. Then he realises he should take advantage of the time he has left.
The Doctor has taken Heather McCrimmon to buy a Christmas tree for her gran. However, according to a local Norwegian forester, the trees are vanishing without trace — they aren't being pulled up or chopped down! Investigating a nearby sound, the Doctor is surprised to find a Capranom (a kind of goat that consumes a massive amount of food by shrinking it down first and storing the energy). When Heather sees more of them, they worry about the whole forest and the Doctor returns to the TARDIS to set a trap.
The Doctor has taken Jamie to Trenton, New Jersey for Christmas. Jamie has misgivings about whether the Doctor knows what he's doing, but the Doctor reassures him.
The Doctor has taken Peri to Bryce's Asteroid, home of the "greatest market" with wonderful merchandise. However, he finds that the market has changed since he last visited. It now sells body parts and other scientific equipment. They talk with a stall owner named Elspeth, who tells them that this is the Lifemarket, which sells anything one needs to create life.
The Doctor has taken his friends to Las Vegas. They enter a casino that looks like a spaceship, and Benny heads off to play a game of poker. Chris wants to watch a hot dog-eating contest.
The Doctor has teamed up with himself before to save lives. This time, he must save his past self in order to ensure his own existence in his present. What could Chessene and dim-witted lackey Shockeye have planned with the Sontarans? Only one thing is known for sure: time will tell.
The Doctor has tracked a signal to a closed off children's playground in a park. A warden tells him to go away before vanishing. Inside the grounds the Doctor finds a crashed spacecraft and monstrous survivor — that also vanishes. As the Doctor attempts to stop an explosion that will rip the planet apart, a giant snake appears. With a flick of the sonic screwdriver the Doctor disables the creature's "shape shifting or invisibility nonsense". The creature introduces himself as Decky Flamboon, and is grateful that the Doctor sorted out the scrambled tech damaged in the crash. Decky was on a survey mission when his ship was hit by a Trutorian missile meteorite. He planned to take the missile off the planet before it explodes. The explosion would kill him, so the Doctor manages to send the missile on a one-way trip where it will safely explode in the Nebulae Void of Nothing. Without a ship or knowing the co-ordinates, Decky of course is left without a means to get back home to Sirus but the Doctor offers Decky a lift.
The Doctor has tracked the deadly Bratanian Shroud to 22nd century Reykjavík – where he’s about to become the victim of a serial criminal. Again.
The Doctor helps the Brigadier capture a spy by using his newly found levitation skills that he picked up from reading a book.
The Doctor invents a mechanical housemaid called Martha and, landing in Central Park in New York City, 1971, goes to a company called Inventions International, who are interested in modern inventions. There, Jamie and he meet American tycoon Mr C. G. Slattery who promises them that a million homes will have Marthas installed within a few weeks. They have hit the big time.
The Doctor invents an indestructible car for a race-car driver after causing a crash at the Interplanetary Motor Racing Meeting on Velon. But a career criminal steals the car, and a sting of armed robberies forces the Doctor to join forces with the local police to hunt him down.
The Doctor investigates why toy animals are mysteriously coming to life in a young woman's house.
The Doctor is about to take Emily and Will back to UNIT HQ when he receives a distress signal. The TARDIS materialises in a crater, which Will realises is the result of a bombing. They have arrived in London during World War II.
The Doctor is arrested for the murder of Tara Mishra and is taken to Hesguard Institute, a place that prides itself on being able to cure its patients of their criminal urges. But when they try their "treatment" on the Doctor, it becomes apparent that their cure isn't as effective as it would seem.
The Doctor is asked to represent an alien planet. But his eternal grief at the loss of the Time Lords begins clouding his judgement, and when Rose is put in danger, the Doctor discovers a trap has been set - and he has walked straight into it.
The Doctor is called to Earth to answer an old challenge. He explains to Sarah and Harry that, long ago, he fought with a Drak named Drakos for control of the Earth. Drakos won the first challenge of three (a game of chess), and they are to meet in Prague for the second challenge.
The Doctor is captured and taken to House Osmo, where are located the books of every citizen's life. The Malamud shows the Doctor that there are 750,000 volumes of his life that showed up at House Osmo, one by one, from an unknown agency. When the Doctor reads the last book of his life, it says he will die in two days.
The Doctor is disturbed from his rest by Tegan Jovanka when Kamelion raises the alarm that the TARDIS is about to have a collision. Joining Turlough and Kamelion in the console room, he sees the scanner shows no sign of an obstacle, just empty blackness. A small egg appears above the central rotor and grows quickly until it hatches into an angry, fiery bird. As the bird attacks and the room starts to heat up, Kamelion is overpowered and the others make their escape to elsewhere in the TARDIS. Unless they can do something soon the bird, a Phoenix, believed extinct by the Doctor, will kill them and rip the TARDIS apart.
The Doctor is enjoying his private suite at the Carlton Grange Hotel while the boys next door are making quite the raucous. He overhears them planning to run away from their guardian, Mr Fitz-Walker, with his private plane. Can he stop them in time? And is there more to Fitz-Walker than meets the eye?
The Doctor is getting some strange readings from the TARDIS. One reading says there will be a temporal anomaly on Earth on 1 January 2100, and the other reading says there won't be any anomaly. He and Peri go to Prague on 31 December to investigate.
The Doctor is in Israel at the end of the year, waiting to see the date change from 1 BC to AD 1. As he waits, a man approaches him. He introduces himself as Nayigeren. He is a Magus, but not one of the well-known ones. He is the "Fourth Wise Man", who the Doctor thought was a legend.
The Doctor is in a boat off the coast of Australia. He has heard reports of a Southwell Park mermaid, and now he has met her. He gives her some food and talks with her, marvelling that she can survive in the sea.
The Doctor is in great pain. He is being suffocated by a membrane of CHAOS. He manages to free himself, and finds himself in the TARDIS control room with Tegan. They are hurtling through a hole in the space/time continuum. The Doctor fights to get to the controls, and calms the TARDIS. He tells Tegan that they were caught up in time spillage from a time corridor. As the Doctor manipulates the controls to free the TARDIS, it explodes.
The Doctor is investigating rumours that something is wrong at the Ancient Worlds theme park on Dewyn, a planet obsessed with Earth's history. Their arrival raises the concerns of the park watcher, who instructs his guards, Medusa, Cyclops and Cerberus, to apprehend the Doctor and Martha.
The Doctor is joined at the beginning of the story by the Mortimer family, who are fleeing the Great Fire of London.
The Doctor is kidnapped by the mysterious Brotherhood and finds himself tangled in a plan to destroy the Aztecs.
The Doctor is on the planet Adeki, trying to fish, when he comes upon an old city of the Adekians. It is populated with metamorphic aliens. On meeting him, they take the shapes of his former companions (most of whom are dead), but then take the form of his previous selves.
The Doctor is on the trail of a sentient book entitled "a bestiary of legendary and magical creatures". The Doctor tracks the book to Earth where it begins creating mythical creatures such as a unicorn and a phoenix. The Doctor, with the help of a talking cat and a house-bound neighbour, manages to defeat the book as it creates a dragon from human and animal body parts. After the Doctor leaves in the TARDIS, a strange rash on the house-bound neighbour transforms into the Doctor, who quickly defeats the book's final creation before dissolving into nothingness.
The Doctor is out to impress Amy Pond and Rory Williams with his new bow tie. It has a  perception filter that makes people think that bow ties are cool! Unfortunately Rory and Amy aren't impressed. They are dressed up in "princess" and "knight in shining armour" costumes, which doesn't please him.
The Doctor is playing with his model train set but has become increasingly depressed about it. A previous incarnation built it over a period of many years, complete with miniature people, and it is a "miracle of craftsmanship", but he wants a little less perfection. He wants a system that won't need his constant attention. He spends days rebuilding the system so that it can function on its own. He is very pleased with this finished product.
The Doctor is put on trial by the Shadow Proclamation for saving Emily Winter's life in the 1920s and thus breaking the precepts handed down to them by the Time Lords by interfering with a fixed point in time. Furthermore, the universe is riddled with people who would be dead if not for the Doctor's interference. The proceedings are joined by a man the Doctor recognises as Mr Finch, who appears to serve as the prosecuting attorney. The Doctor's defence counsel is a blue woman who goes only by the name "the Advocate".
The Doctor is putting out another fire from a bunsen burner on the console. He's impressing Amy with his fire extinguisher — eighty times more times foam than normal extinguishers — a gadget he modestly says he invented. When the TARDIS arrives in Echo Sphere (a self contained unit, a protective shell for the inhabitants sealed within their planet), the sound of the TARDIS arriving reverberates around the Sphere. With its ever-increasing volume, the noise distresses the inhabitants — peaceful, green, bird-like creatures known for their occasional, very quiet, gentle songs.
The Doctor is repairing the TARDIS systems once again when it is swept up by a garbage ship roving through space, the Quetzel.
The Doctor is sent by Karr to Lunargov III, where rogue Time Lord Madrigor plans to steal the Time Lord's Time Ioniser and conquer the galaxy. The Doctor and Sarah Jane arrive on Lunargov and meet Madrigor. After learning his plans, the Doctor sends Madrigor and his planet to somewhere they can't cause any more harm.
The Doctor is sent to Planet Chronos to find and bring back several survey mission teams that have vanished into thin air. Accompanied by his mature and loyal companion Dr Evelyn Smythe and a third survey crew, the team are close to solving the mystery, when a member of their gang mysteriously disappears. The Doctor realises that these disappearances are far more serious than they thought. The Cybermen couldn't possibly be behind these strange goings on... could they?
The Doctor is staying at Mrs Hutchings' guest house, Bide-a-Wee, in Keelmouth while Susan goes camping with some new friends. The Doctor is enjoying his vacation immensely, spending his days exploring, eating ice cream, and socialising with the Major; however, he is aware that he must put an end to the situation sooner or later.
The Doctor is summoned before the High Council of Time Lords to stand trial for the charges of harmful interference to the course of events during his space-time excursions, which have threatened the sanctity of the universe. Indignant at these accusations, the Doctor pleads his case to the Inquisitor with the hope that she will see him as a source of hope and goodwill for existence. However, his prosecuting attorney, a sinister Time Lord known simply as the Valeyard, begins a crusade against the Doctor's life with the motive of painting him out to be a villainous renegade.
The Doctor is summoned by the mysterious and powerful White Guardian, and sent on a quest to find the six segments of the Key to Time, which, once assembled, will restore balance to the Universe. Joining the Doctor and K9 is the smart and sassy Romana I, a Time Lord fresh from the Academy.
The Doctor is summoned to China by Chan Chiu. China is under attack by the legendary stone monkey, who seems to be coming back to life. The Doctor teams up with Chan Chiu's grandson, Li, to stop the stone monkey before the whole population of China is wiped out.
The Doctor is surprised when the TARDIS lands on the grounds of Croxton Hall instead of inside the house. He is visiting Lord and Lady Tubbs on their wedding anniversary before midnight, but the house is locked up and no lights are on.
The Doctor is the only one who realises that the flow of time in the vortex has been disrupted, but can he uncover the cosmic culprit and put causality back on the right track — before Alice and her fellow TARDIS travellers are de-aged right out of existence?
The Doctor is washed up — literally — on an alien beach with only intelligent crabs and a madman for company.
The Doctor is whisked to a ruined planet and encounters a giant gorilla-like creature who places him in an underground labyrinth. The Doctor has to pass a number of dangerous physical tests before discovering the Time Lords have tricked him into transporting a group of children and their android guardian to a new world.
The Doctor joins UNIT's investigation of the mystery surrounding Mars Probe 7. Space Control, headed by Professor Ralph Cornish, has had no contact with the astronauts on board since it started back from Mars seven months ago. Now the Recovery 7 rescue mission has run into similar difficulties.
The Doctor joins forces with archaeologist Mason Burns on his quest to find the final resting place of the Old King of Scarab. The Doctor and Mason discover the King is guarded by a deadly scorpion and a gang of ruthless Sharab natives. Worse is to come when they discover the King is far from dead and buried. Disaster is only around the corner.
The Doctor knows something is not right when they arrive in London with free eazi-gum dispensers on every street corner.
The Doctor lands at the London 2053 annual veteran car rally and helps a driver get his car started just in time for the race. He joins the driver in his car as they set off, observed by spaceships from all across the universe. One of those ships contains the Quarks, still out for revenge. They hijack an AA patrol vehicle and pursue the Doctor. The Doctor thwarts them and his driver wins the race, something he'd never have done without the Quark on his tail.
The Doctor lands in 20th century Tokyo and meets a talking fox, who claims to be one of the Divine. It is Christmas Eve, and they watch a boy propose to his girlfriend.
The Doctor lands in a major city in Eastern England in the year 2180. Strangely, the Doctor does not recognise the city. Soon, he finds himself partnered with a strong-willed security guard named Carla, investigating odd happenings in a building where "ghosts" are reported attacking customers.
The Doctor lands on what appears to be a subway platform. Soon, he finds himself chased by zombie-like creatures. As the creatures appear to gain the upper hand, a masked figure suddenly rushes the zombies. They are quickly dispatched, and the Doctor's shadowy saviour removes her mask. She introduces herself as "Angel", one of the Guardian Angels who patrol the under-city. She explains that the zombies were in fact called "Cannibals", in deference to their eating habits.
The Doctor lands the TARDIS in present-day London, but before Rose Tyler can emerge, the TARDIS dematerialises because the Doctor forgot to lock the time settings. The TARDIS jumps a time track and moves ahead several days. Left stranded in London while he waits for Rose to catch up — only a few seconds will have passed for her — the Doctor needs somewhere to stay. After an aborted attempt at visiting Jackie Tyler (who is occupied with one of her suitors), the Doctor decides to crash at Mickey Smith's flat, where he proceeds to be a less-than-welcome houseguest. Meanwhile, a Bandrigan fleet approaches Earth with plans to destroy it.
The Doctor lands the TARDIS on the nucleus of a uranium atom, where he finds an entire civilisation. He's told that sister "planets" of the uranium universe have been destroyed in the human act of splitting the atom to obtain nuclear power. The people of the once great civilisation now reside in indestructible silver teardrops, which they warped space and time to fit whole civilisations in.
The Doctor learns that the Daleks have built a giant Exterminator to destroy Earth.
The Doctor listens to a street musician named Si play guitar. He leaves him a tip that includes a notched coin. Si uses the coin to buy a hot dog from Jay, the hot dog vendor.
The Doctor loathes panto but when the TARDIS brings him to the Palace Theatre at Christmas, 2014, he has more than bad puns and pantomime dames to worry about. Like the monstrous figures that stalk the backstage corridors, a mystery stretching back over a century and the possible destruction of the entire human race. The stage is set. Can the Doctor prevent tragedy on a terrifying scale or is it curtains for mankind?
The Doctor meets his old friend Edward Grainger to say a final goodbye to him; he takes Edward to the TARDIS, where he falls asleep.
The Doctor offers Tegan and Nyssa a trip to the paradise world of Florana, but instead the TARDIS takes them to a domed city on a planet scarred by warfare. A world where everyone is young, and fighting for the glory of the Elite...
The Doctor offers to test John Henderson's new time machine and finds himself in 2971, when the war between the Hendersons and the Trents threatens to tear apart a village.
The Doctor once more faces off with an alien species that wishes to conquer the planet: Shoal of the Winter Harmony. This time, he has more backup than usual; however, this help was a little twist to it: it's a superhero called the Ghost.
The Doctor pointed at Bernice. "The wench's mind is addled", he said. "Arrest her before she spreads her ungodly heresy."
The Doctor receives a message that the TARDIS shell room is full. This is strange because he never uses it. He checks the exterior of the TARDIS — still a police box. He and Romana check the shell room and discover that the last shape the TARDIS took before becoming a police box was a post box. Inside is a Christmas card; someone thought the fake post box was a real one.
The Doctor receives a strange message from an impossible source, and finds himself trapped inside a house of infinite dimensions. What is the Doctor's connection to the family that brought him there, and what is the stunning secret of the house itself?
The Doctor rescues a young woman on an alien planet.
The Doctor responds to a distress call from Professor Dinsdale of the Interplanetary Archaeological Institute on Brendock Seven with an emergency materialisation. The TARDIS lands at the site of a dig beneath a circle of huge stone heads buried in the ground. They soon find the Professor, who explains that the rest of his team were killed trying to open a door to an ancient burial ground they discovered at the base of one of the heads.
The Doctor returns Decky home to Sirus only to find the renegade Brancheerian Monty Punnions has sold out his planet to an invasion a silvery ants!
The Doctor returns to Earth to find that there is no Earth! There is only a white void with a small, old house being defended by a pensioner called Bob Manning. The house is under attack from dragon-like creatures. Bob believes they were sent by developers who want him out and has armed himself with a broom to beat them off.
The Doctor returns to Gallifrey, claims his rights and is inaugurated President. It soon turns out that he has led a group of aliens called Vardans to the planet to eradicate them completely. After they are destroyed, the Sontarans take their opportunity and follow them in their invasion until they are destroyed by the Doctor.
The Doctor returns to Peladon, fifty years after his last visit, to find Queen Thalira, daughter of the late King Peladon, on the throne. A tense labour dispute between Pel nobility and miners is worsened when apparitions of their deity Aggedor attack and kill several miners. The Galactic Federation desperately needs trisilicate for its war against Galaxy 5 and sends in brutal Ice Warrior troopers to ensure production. The Doctor discovers a devious plot at the heart of Aggedor's appearances.
The Doctor returns to Vortis. He hears a voice calling through his radio to warn Earth about the Zarbi Supremo. Using the directional aerial on his radio, the Doctor locates the source of the transmission. It is a metal sphere half buried between two Zarbi anthills. Once inside, he finds it is a spaceship, the Solar Queen. A tape recorder is producing the radio warning.
The Doctor returns to a planet he visited a long time ago in his personal timeline to make amends for his previous mistake.
The Doctor returns to the Oval Office in Washington DC in 4041 when it is home to the President of Earth. The President is about to hand over control of the Earth ecology to the new technologies being offered by the ambassador from the Akten Galaxy.
The Doctor returns to the monastery, but his absence has been noted and Yueh pursues him into the hall of the bronze men. The Doctor discovers that the "bronze men" are Sontarans, but he manages to escape, and Chang accompanies him and his companions in their flight, seeking answers. Hsiang directs them to the site of the fallen star, a Sontaran scout ship with a damaged hyperspace transmitter. The transmitter requires quartz crystals to function, and Chang informs the Doctor that the Emperor owns a similar crystal the size of a man's fist. The Doctor questions Chang about his training with the "bronze men", and realises the monks have been given post-hypnotic commands. When they learn that the Emperor has invited Yueh to bring his monks to demonstrate their abilities to his court, the Doctor realises that Yueh intends to order the hypnotised monks to the Emperor. But while Yueh believes he will then become ruler of China, the Sontarans will in fact use the Emperor's crystal to repair their transmitter, summon reinforcements, and conquer the Earth.
The Doctor returns to the planet Freedonia with Jo. The last time he was here, he helped the great statesman Kamoa lead a successful revolution against the Freedonian oppressors. This time, though, the Doctor discovers that Kamoa has gone power-mad. He is now oppressing the few remaining Freedonians. He's converted himself into a sort of living brain, living in a specialised environment.  He's also created an army of robots and given each robot some of his organic brain cells. This binds all the robots into a sort of gestalt entity, with Kamoa at the heart.
The Doctor reveals to Leela that they're heading for the planet Telos. And K9 has new masters...
The Doctor sat alone and listened to the beat of his remaining heart. He had never got used to it. He never would. The single sound where a double should be. What was this new code hammering through his body? What did it mean? Mortal. No, he'd always known he could die. Not mortal. Damaged. Crippled. Through his shirt, his fingers sought the thick ridge of his scar. Human...
The Doctor steps out of the TARDIS into Croydon Garden Centre, where a young man named Horace offers his help. The Doctor tries to explain that it is not the geraniums that have caught his attention but a jaggrabell flower native to Hortisphere Delta in the Hej Nebula, brought here as a result of the time spillage. Further evidence of time spillage is the sudden arrival of a giant, green, man-like plant creature that runs amok in the Centre.
The Doctor still feels saddened shock over the death of Fuji. He is about to enter his TARDIS when Angus Goodman, the American Air Force pilot who shot Fuji, pulls a gun on him and informs him that although World War II is still on-going, the date is July 25th, 1963.
The Doctor takes Ace to Rome during Saturnalia. They arrive in time to stop a slave named Marcus from killing a rich man named Gaius, who had tried to stop Marcus' cruel behaviour toward his master, Aullus. After Gaius leaves, Marcus invites the Doctor and Ace to Aullus' home for a meal. The Doctor and Ace meet a little girl named Rhea, who gives Ace a pebble.
The Doctor takes Ace to a present-day London pub in autumn, landing the TARDIS in the pub basement. The Doctor busies himself on the pub's trivia machine before going over to talk to a woman sitting on her own with a bunch of carnations. He sends Ace over to engage a guy at the bar sitting on his own. The man's name is Liam O'erspace, who describes himself as "half-tough, half-confident". As they chat, they are interrupted by the arrival of Ace's former gang members - Jack (white fanboy), King (black confidence), and Queen (hard white girl), less Joker, who had since died of drugs. Ace had hung out with the gang for a while before returning to her Perivale gang. The gang know Liam quite well, a space visitor from Algol. A fight breaks out between Ace and the gang, and Ace, held at knifepoint by Queen, is about to be sacrificed for her psychic energy, enough to power Liam's signalling device and get him home. The Doctor's table suddenly erupts in a flash as the Doctor's table-mate produces a now melted gun from the carnation's ashes. Liam instantly recognises her as Arishma, his former lover, and likewise draws a gun. Before the two can kill each other, the Doctor intervenes, giving them both a choice. Liam accepts the chance of a new life away from the bad company he has fallen in with, returns with Arishma to Algol. The Doctor and Ace leave to the sound of sirens outside.
The Doctor takes Amy Pond and Rory Williams back to the village of Leadworth, but they soon realise things have changed. The village is populated by dinosaur-descendants living "normal" human lives. The soft, pink, tailless arrivals soon cause panic at a picnic. While Rory is detained by uniformed police, the Doctor whisks Amy away in the TARDIS back to the Jurassic Age, two hundred million years ago!
The Doctor takes Amy Pond and Rory Williams to an idyllic colony built on the only surviving tree on the planet. It is a single giant tree that sustains all life on the planet. It's not long, however, before the colony is attacked by a swarm of Pulpavores. They are large, flying, winged creatures.
The Doctor takes Amy Pond and Rory Williams to the lava planet that hosts "Le Tour de Parisian Dix" — an extreme unicycling race. Eventually finding a path amidst the ever-changing path of lava, the new arrivals find themselves directly in the path of the unicyclists, causing a pile up of contestants.
The Doctor takes Amy Pond and Rory Williams to the longest pier in the galaxy on the planet Arriman B. The pier stretches above the planet some ten thousand kilometres, with its own gravity, heat bubble and space swimming. A pier whose only purpose was fun! Just as the Doctor is about to get ice creams, the Pier is ripped apart. A giant, tentacled monster demands one million credits from the Pier supervisor. As the creature spells out its demands, the Doctor recognises the voice. He names the creature as Ellis the Illusionist!
The Doctor takes Amy Pond and Rory Williams to witness a meteor shower from a hill above a ghost town on Earth in 1908. From one fallen meteorite emerges a "glamorous", female, bear-like creature blinded by her own beauty. She finds it too hot and plans to ship down a continent-sized air-con convoy, cooling the place so it will be ideal for a dressing room.
The Doctor takes Amy and Rory to the San Diego Comic-Con so that they can meet Hamilton Wilson, author of the comic Captain Rocket. But Hamilton's work has been spread across the stars and now a small group of aliens want more of his stories. And they are willing to use any means necessary to get them.
The Doctor takes Amy for a visit to the opera in Paris, 1858, where young women become magnificent singers under the tutoring of Monsieur Valdemar. In the shadows, screams mean only one thing — death.
The Doctor takes Clara back to the liberation of Paris in World War Two for the biggest party the party capital of the world has ever seen, but things soon go awry when the deadly Darapok Empire try to take over the war weary city.
The Doctor takes Clara to the planet Gohbel for a meal treat only to find the planet being stripped of its food crops by an army of Cyborgs.
The Doctor takes Destrii to Hippocrates Base for her to recover. However the Zeronites have plans for the hospital...
The Doctor takes Heather and Wolfie to Cambodia in 1139 where Wolfie is possessed by an alien Wolf and turns into one. Luckily Heather makes Wolfie realise who he really is and Wolfie is turned back into a human. The Doctor decides to take Wolfie home to Salzburg where Wolfie realises how much he has missed being away from home and says goodbye to the Doctor and Heather.
The Doctor takes Heather and Wolfie to meet an old friend. But a chain of mysterious events seem to be the work of a camera...
The Doctor takes Heather and new companion Wolfgang to see the biggest star in the universe — Stario — the star of an intergalactic soap-opera.
The Doctor takes Ian and Barbara back to London on 23 November 1963, where the clocks have stopped and the city is silent.
The Doctor takes Jamie and Zoe to visit an old friend of his, Doctor Vane, in the Experimental Botanical Gardens on Venus. However, when they arrive, he asks Zoe to stay in the TARDIS while he and Jamie go. Something strange has been happening, which is why they are really there. A few days earlier, Doctor Vane had found his laboratory wrecked and his prized Galea Tentipocus plant missing. He tells this story to the Doctor and Jamie. He has sent his assistant, Regan, after the thieves, but he finds a strange sentient plant at the end of the trail that attacks him. Hearing his cry, the Doctor and Jamie rush to the scene, then head off after the plant, which has grown to gigantic proportions and threatens to engulf everything. As the plant prepares to attack them, the Doctor sets fire to it with his lighter. The menace is ended.
The Doctor takes Majenta to Graveworld 909, where they find that the natives, who are rat-like humanoids, cannot speak. How will they get the people of Graveworld 909 to speak?
The Doctor takes Martha to London in 3738 for a bit of Christmas shopping, where he is reunited with two old friends — Bert and Jimmy. But as the Doctor and Martha join the pair for Christmas dinner, an old enemy lurks in the darkness, and the foursome must stop Christmas from being permanently cancelled for the whole human race...
The Doctor takes Mel to the Royal Albion Hotel in Brighton to celebrate his nine hundred and ninety-first birthday. At the same time, Alistair Lethbridge-Stewart finds himself at the same hotel with forty-eight hours to wait until he meets a contact by the name of Herr Hahnstier. The Doctor accidentally creates a scene in the hotel restaurant, causing a waitress to spill her tray of cream cakes into the lap of a lady dining there. As the Doctor and Mel breeze off, Alistair offers his assistance to the lady, who gives her name as Doris.
The Doctor takes Peri to a football match, but when she finds out he already knows the  result, she storms off to the restroom. On the way, she collides with a man who is carrying a portfolio, and he drops several photographs. When Peri helps him pick them up, she glances at one of them, so he knocks her out.
The Doctor takes Rose to London in the year 1966, where they find beautiful girls wandering the streets, doing good on behalf of a group called Lend-a-Hand. The Doctor notes the girls don't smell human. He becomes concerned when he discovers that someone is preparing to build affordable family housing on the fields where Rose's council estate is supposed to be built.
The Doctor takes Rose to Vanezia, a city dedicated to culture and art, only to find the Opera House has something sinister about it.
The Doctor takes Tegan and Turlough to Earth on Christmas Eve in the 21st century so they can do some Christmas shopping. As Tegan heads off on her own, the Doctor and Turlough agree to concentrate on gifts for  Tegan, though neither has an idea what to buy for her. They separate.
The Doctor takes a job as an entertainer at an annual reunion dinner hosted by Dorothy's family. After the reunion he stays over at their house for the night and creeps into Dorothy's room.
The Doctor takes his new companion Ayfai to Cheldon Bonniface for Christmas, hoping to find a place for her to stay. However, tensions are high in the town, as several residents no longer wish to have aliens living among them.
The Doctor takes his new companion, Grant, back home to Agora — only to find a world in the thrall of some of his oldest and deadliest foes.
The Doctor takes the TARDIS to the future energy source that is feeding the Koltroxa and enabled her to escape. The Doctor and Donna find themselves back at the same house in the year 2109. A Professor Rubenstein has built a time-flux analyser here, at a weak point in time and space, with a history of ghostly sightings.
The Doctor tells Steven a story about himself and his granddaughter Susan.
The Doctor thought he had defeated the microscopic Nucleus of the Swarm in his fourth incarnation. He was wrong. It survived within the TARDIS, and now it has brought it back to Titan Base, back to the point of its own creation. It has a plan that spans centuries, a plan which will result in the Nucleus becoming more powerful – and larger – than ever before.
The Doctor travels to Arthur's World to aid in his birth; the Doctor used the alias Merlin but discovered that he was the second person at the time to use the name Merlin. The other Merlin was another renegade Time Lord who had given Arthur and his kingdom advanced technology and prompted Morgaine to seek an alliance with them. This other Merlin, disguised as the Doctor, was imprisoned in the Arctic by Morgaine after she was temporarily banished to a desert by the Doctor, leaving the Doctor to set up the events that would later be experienced by his seventh incarnation.
The Doctor tries to comfort Izzy after she unwillingly swaps bodies with Destrii.
The Doctor tries to fix a bicycle tire with his sonic screwdriver.
The Doctor tries to take Charley to Prague for Christmas, but something is wrong. The sky is entirely dark and the city seems deserted. They come across a policewoman stopping some looters. The looters run away and the policewoman, Ilona Hingis, asks the Doctor and Charley for identification. As one of the fleeing looters shoots at Ilona, the Doctor saves her.
The Doctor visits Tenochtitlan to see an old friend, a merchant named Tochtli, who is really a spy for the Aztec empire. Tochtli is wary of the Doctor, wondering if he will have to kill him. As they walk through the market, they are accosted by several young warriors, but the Doctor stares them down.
The Doctor visits a war museum that is under attack by guerrillas. He grabs a disc and uses it to read a display that informs him that Earth is a target.
The Doctor visits an old friend, Walter Wibberley, in his hospital bed for the last time.
The Doctor visits his old friend, cheesemaker Mathilde Vignes, in the company of Inspector Toprak. They are searching for missing cheese cultures that were stolen from Mathilde's sister, Victoire, and Mathilde is a suspect. Toprak has a warrant to search Mathilde's stock of cheese. Mathilde allows her to search the laboratory while she talks with the Doctor.
The Doctor visits the Montagues, whose family he has known for at least a century. Herbert tells the Doctor that strange things have been happening. Huge claws have appeared in the yew maze, wet clothing cannot be dried out, history books are opened to pages without anyone doing it, the Christmas tree has been carved into an odd shape and a doll house that Herbert and Mary plan to give to Sarah for Christmas is slowly turning white inside, with strange round circles appearing on the walls. The thing that bothers Herbert the most is that the children keep claiming  to have seen Father Christmas.
The Doctor wakes in a British home in 1940, with no memory of how he got there. He finds himself at breakfast with a household of interesting characters and realises they're being menaced by an alien intelligence. He teames up with the landlord's son, young Robert Mann, who definitely knows he wants to be something he grows up, even if exactly what changes every twenty minutes. They asks for the stories of the other residents, and the Doctor determines that someone is sapping their ambition. Robert guesses that the Doctor is an alien, because only an alien would have something like the sonic screwdriver, which he swiped from the Doctor's pocket last night.
The Doctor wakes up in a cell. He had been minding his own business in a  café on Baspral when he was shot by two Basprali security guards.
The Doctor wakes up in a strange place.  He seems to be in a cell. He finds a device constructed out of spare parts and a bunch of library books in the cell. He speaks out loud and notices his voice sounds funny. He starts to rub his chin and realises he has a beard. He uses a shiny book cover as a mirror, and sees that he is in the Master's body.
The Doctor's TARDIS is captured by brothers running a salvage company in space.  In the process, Clara gets lost inside the time machine. To save her, the Eleventh Doctor promises the brothers they can have the TARDIS if they'll help search for his missing companion. They agree, only to find that what lies at the centre of the TARDIS can kill them all.
The Doctor's TARDIS is caught in a bout of temporal turbulence, caused by a skirmish between the Temporal Powers. The TARDIS becomes caught between two opposing timelines, and the Doctor slips the TARDIS out of the vortex and back into real time. The Doctor finds himself in a time loop, in temporal orbit around Earth on Christmas Eve, 2016. After a strange knocking sound on the TARDIS door, the Doctor investigates mysterious noises around the ship. He eventually finds a hypercube sent by Susan, which had taken centuries to get to him. Susan tells him of her accomplishments, and the birth of her son, Alex. The Doctor realises that the TARDIS had chosen to stay in the time loop so that the Doctor could receive the message. The message fills the Doctor with hope, in such a dark time of his life. He then dematerialises the TARDIS, heading towards another adventure.
The Doctor's TARDIS lands on Feu. The Doctor is greeted by the leader of the Bonemenders, only to find someone is draining their power and causing their race to collapse.
The Doctor's TARDIS materialises in the village of Lannet in Lancashire. An annoyed Doctor, who has apparently been transported here against his will, finds the village silent. Its inhabitants are all living in fear except for a barmaid, Alison Cheney. The alien Shalka have taken up residence beneath Lannet in preparation for a wider invasion. Despite his initial reluctance, the Doctor finds himself having to save the world again, aided by Alison and an enemy who has become an ally.
The Doctor's TARDIS travels through the 30th century but encounters a planet that's not supposed to be there. The  planet is alive and swallows the TARDIS. The Third Doctor meets Harry Trant, also stranded, and they work together to get eaten by a parasitic amoeba on the planet's surface, which in turn is eaten by the planet. They reach the TARDIS in the stomach, and the Doctor materialises at the heart, telling Harry to shoot it. Hesitant, he does, and the planet screams as it dies. The Doctor tells him it needed to be killed because of its size though killing is not a pleasant duty, and takes him to his home planet.
The Doctor's adventures in time and space are over. The Time Lords have recalled him to Gallifrey – but what he faces on his home planet is worse than any trial. Following the disappearance of President Borusa, the High Council condemned him to the highest office - and he can't evade his responsibilities a nanosecond longer...
The Doctor's arrival at a computer-controlled prison on an abandoned planet which has laid silent for centuries does not go undetected. He activates the automatic defence system. Dodging spears, flooding chambers, laser beams, fire and gaseous guards (who are disposed of by a cloud of dust the Doctor generates), the Doctor finds and overloads the cell security.
The Doctor's been everywhere and everywhen in the whole of the universe and seems to know all the answers. But ask him what happened to the Starship Brilliant and he hasn't the first idea. Did it fall into a sun or black hole? Was it shot down in the first moments of a galactic war? And what's this about a secret experimental drive?
The Doctor's decision to use Clara's school at the centre of a trap for a wild Skovox Blitzer results in revelations in her personal life. Meanwhile, the Doctor's mechanical quarry, which has enough firepower to decimate entire planets, is running amok in the halls of Coal Hill.
The Doctor's home planet of Gallifrey has been destroyed. The Time Lords are dead, their TARDISes annihilated. The man responsible has been tracked down and lured to Earth in the year 2005, where there will be no escape. But Earth has other problems — a mysterious signal is being received, a second moon appears in the sky, and a primordial alien menace waits to be unleashed...
The Doctor's last three visits to the scattered human colonies of the third millennium have not been entirely successful. And now that Ace has rejoined him and Bernice, life on board the TARDIS is getting pretty stressful. The Doctor yearns for a simpler time and place: Earth, the tropics, the early twentieth century.
The Doctor's latest regeneration has proven more unstable than his previous ones. His two assistants, Tegan and Nyssa, help him recuperate on the tranquil planet of Castrovalva.
The Doctor's not the man he was. But what has he become? An old enemy — Faction Paradox, a cult of time-travelling voodoo terrorists — is finally making him one of its own. These rebels have a mission for him, one that will deliver him into the hands of his own people, who have decreed that he must die. Except now, it seems, the Time Lords have a mission for him too...
The Doctor's return to Nest Cottage lands him in trouble when a key component from the TARDIS disappears. Mrs Wibbsey is inadvertently responsible, but all she can offer in recompense is a bag containing four curious objects. It seems that each one is a clue, and the beginning of a chase through time.
The Doctor's sunshine break on the Earth colony holiday world of Centuria is interrupted by the arrival of Cybermen rounding up the tourists for conversion. Captured and taken off in a truck, the Doctor teams up with Jayne Kadett, an undercover investigator on the trail of an interplanetary info-thief.
The Doctor, Ace and Bernice arrive near a moonbase and meet a woman named Jen Yates; when she asks them if the Human-Earth Reptile war is still being waged, the Doctor seems ill at ease, but to her relief informs her that humanity won.
The Doctor, Ace and Bernice have come to the house of LaMort in Sydney. Ace waits in the car, listening to the news about a recent massacre, while the Doctor goes inside. Bernice explores outside, scouting for a back way in, and meets LaMort's elderly neighbour, who tells her the LaMort house is haunted.
The Doctor, Ace and Hex land on Armstrong's Colony. The Doctor leaves Ace and Hex a tracker that will allow them to find their way back to the TARDIS and heads off on his own. Ace and Hex race off.
The Doctor, Adric, Nyssa, and Tegan arrive on Lemaria to discover they have arrived during a Lemarian holiday, Freedom Day, the day when the Lemarians were freed from the tyranny of the Megrati. The group is invited to watch a reenactment of the liberation. On the way, they spot a mural that depicts the liberation. To their shock, an image of the TARDIS is on the mural, along with the image of the First Doctor. The Fifth Doctor, however, doesn't recall his previous visit. He isn't concerned, though, as he's saved a lot of planets, and this incident took place a long time ago for him.
The Doctor, Alice and Jones were getting used to having ARC around. A shapeshifter whose origins are shrouded in mystery, ARC still saved their lives time after time.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and  Rory Williams drop down from the ceiling into the 24-hour newsroom on the planet Vorala and boldly announce they are there to stop an invasion. Rory, armed with Amy's hair-dryer, prevents the plug being pulled on the live broadcast while the Doctor wrestles with security. With a sudden rise in ratings the Doctor finds himself being interviewed. When they break for the weather, the Doctor's suspicions are confirmed — the protected weather map is wrong and not a weather map at all but a hypnotic pattern being projected to every home around the planet. Using his sonic screwdriver the Doctor disrupts the perception filter that is disguising the weather man, who is actually a neighbouring enemy of the people of Vorala — the Blehurg. The Blehurg were close to hypnotising the whole planet before enslaving them and taking over.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams answer a call from the White House. They arrive in Manhattan Island, New York, to find it evacuated and overrun by dinosaurs. Escaping from a Tyrannosaurus Rex in an abandoned cab, they collide with a fire hydrant and Rory receives a bang to his head. Amy takes him to safety in the Empire State Building only to find "Raptor" tracks down the corridors. The Doctor meanwhile follows the dinosaurs that appear to be concentrated around the Times Square area.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams answer a distress call from Elpha, whom, with her cubs, he had earlier saved and returned home. Taken to the tribe's Queen, she explains that the mechanical men are destroying the forest's Hoojib trees and their fruit, which the tribe need to survive.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams are in hiding in a Sentork Science Hanger. They are watching crates of Golesterkol weapons (the worst weapons ever) being moved around, but they are discovered. At cannon-point they are taken away to the "Professor", a collector of Golesterkol weapons for decades. As agreed, the Professor pays two thousand Ohgs for the delivery of the last two remaining Golesterkol weapons and completes his collection. The Doctor rages at the Professor when he talks of collecting them only to improve them further.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams are inside the TARDIS when it is swallowed by a Star Serpent. Venturing outside the TARDIS into the serpent's stomach, the Doctor and companions go exploring. They are forced down through the throat by the creature's giant cilia, part of the swallow reflex, moved down to the stomach. In a sea of juices, they are attacked by stomach parasites who swamp them to break them down and digest them.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams are investigating mysterious disappearances of people taking a ride on a ghost train. The missing people arrive days later with no memory of where they have been. The Doctor and Amy aren't impressed by the ride but when they finish Rory's carriage is empty!
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams are on the planet Diobath, dodging the falling blocks of sky around them. A sonic screwdriver scan reveals them to be great, big, heavy lumps of nothing. It's not long until they are pursued into the woods by a Gorolox.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams are travelling onboard the Orion Express. Gazing out of the observation windows at the constellation of Orion, the Doctor notices his sonic screwdriver is missing. He is unable to tell which foods at the buffet are edible for humans.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams arrive aboard a FSC battlecruiser in pursuit of a Sorbazaran ship. The Sorbazarans have enslaved two allied worlds and a state of war has been declared. Held as prisoners by Captain O'Rian, the FSC loses the Sorbazaran ship and the Doctor's announcement of a distortion field around the ship affecting their readings goes unheeded. When another ship is detected and O'Rien prepares to fire, the Doctor snatches a weapon from one of the guards and  holds off the attack.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams arrive aboard a mobile mining rig on the planet Mercury in the 367th century. The rig is protected by a hyperceramic umbrella that protects it from the suns rays and temperatures of about 427 degrees. Following the smell of coffee they find the last surviving member of the crew, Karen Marshall, who warns them that everybody else has been killed by a monster.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams arrive aboard a spaceship in deep space. It is heading for total destruction in an impact with a planet. The crew of robots do not want to be saved. They look forward to their own destruction so their masters may learn from the destruction and improve future safety.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams arrive in the TARDIS in the belly of a missile packed with explosives. The missile's automatic defence computer identifies itself and detects the intruders are not Nabrili. The Doctor realises the missile is on its way to its neighbours, the Jells, with whom the Nabrili have pointless disputes and there is only about six and a half minutes to impact (943.8 Haldecs).
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams arrive late for dinner at the home of Lord Cranarch, Repton Abbey. The downstairs servants and all the dinner guests have been taken over by a gang of invading reptilian aliens. The aliens (led by a Lord Ryzt) are collecting the thoughts and memories of the household, using devices called dullifiers. The bodies are being kept alive, linked to a stasis generator to store the memories, which are being fed back to the aliens. Central to their plans for Earth's conquest are the national defence plans known to Lord Cranarch, who held a position high in British intelligence.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams arrive not in Hawaii, but in 2011, to find themselves being chased by a Tyrannosaurus Rex with a plane flying overhead! Taking shelter in a cave, they find a hidden door at the back. Through the door they find a secret base built into the base of a volcano.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams arrive on Earth on a Mediterranean island, some two and a half millennia ago — the Golden Age of epic poetry and tales of heroes, gods and monsters. They are soon spotted by a giant Cyclops, who attempts to stop them.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams arrive on a Saturday afternoon on an alien planet and find it asleep. Stepping out of the TARDIS the Doctor is suddenly affected; when Amy falls down asleep as well, Rory manages to carry her back inside the TARDIS. Underneath the city the Somnoid has the world in its power and is feeding on the subconscious brain activity. Detecting "wakey-wakey thoughts" the Somnoid captures the sleeping Doctor who appears inside the TARDIS as part of Rory's dream and warns Amy and Rory about the controlling creature. But the Doctor wasn't really asleep. When he detected a psychic presence he went into a deliberate trance; knowing Amy and Rory were safe he suddenly "wakes up" in the Somnoids grasp, shocks it, and interrupting its feeding frenzy, releases the planet from its controlling hold. Unable to feed, the Somnoid reverts to its natural size and shape — that of a small harmless squid-like creature. With it safely contained, the Doctor later re-houses the Somnoid "pest" on another planet.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams arrive on the Dorset coast. Nearby, the waves against the cliffs has left the face exposed of a giant robot, a Demigod. 
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams arrive on the TV studio set of the long running soap EarthEnders. The interruption causes broadcast to be suspended and in a bustle of activity the TARDIS crew find themselves signing contracts to appear on the show. The other actors warn them but it is too late. The small print in the contract ties them to appear in unlimited repeats — not a problem in itself but they are apparently unable to record any kind of video of the show since the solar flares hit Earth. The same 90 episodes have been re-shot for the past 20 years with the cast having to adopt some heavy make-up and extensive wigs! Fifteen minutes of drama is followed by an ad break in which the Doctor finds recording is once again possible using Amy's mobile phone. Using his sonic screwdriver to get out of the TV studio for the first time in decades the cast find a barren, sun scorched planet. Bundling the cast into the TARDIS, the Doctor takes them to meet their audience. Arriving in the sitting room of the Arr'Chorrs — a race of technologically ignorant creatures who can't even work a video recorder! Their entire planet had become bankrupt and they had become dependent on EarthEnders for their entertainment. With a quick demonstration of filming using her mobile phone the Arr'Chorrs have a means of making new programmes helped by the cast who after all the years have learnt all about making a TV show.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams arrive on the commercial asteroid of Primo Temp, a trading world at the centre of the Amron Ho galaxy. The Doctor is on a quest to buy some time. Two Gnaa traders, Jakrit and Praal, are trying to sell a tachyon-drive unit from a Horologic-class history cruiser — the last one in existence, found in a time pocket on the edge of the Skrawn Inheritance.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams arrive on the planet Vamisash, where caught in a heavy storm they take shelter behind the doors of a large house. The doors open for them and inside they find more houses. The makeshift wooden buildings are full of the people of Vamisash who explain that inside the walls of the house is called Doomland. The mistress who owns it wanted to take over their world but was afraid to leave the house so extended it around the houses, making it ever bigger until the entire planet was Doomworld.  The Mistress sees and hears everything and when Rory speaks out, the hand of the Mistress (the Doominator), reaches through a wall and plucks Rory out, taking him to her chamber where she will punish him for plotting against her by burning him.  The Doctor meanwhile knows what the Mistress is and using some glue sets a trap. Threatening to stop her evil plan, the Doctor and Amy wait for the Mistress to arrive. When she appears and tries to draw in the Doctor and Amy she insteads finds herself pulled into the room because the Doctor and Amy have glued their shoes to the floor! The Mistress is angry and as the Doctor and Amy free themselves of their shoes the Mistress fires bolts of flame at them. They move too quick and very soon the room is ablaze. The Doctor and Amy escape as the Doctor explains that the Mistress is a Fuegolem born of fire and unable to be hurt by it. But the flames soon catch, and very soon the fire has spread to the other houses. The flames reach up and burn the roof down. The rain from outside pours down and bang on target the water dampens the flames and the Fuegolem just as Rory rejoins the Doctor and Amy having survived not being burnt.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams arrive on the planet Velgris, a planet 40% covered in fruit trees which produce a different fruit every week. The native Velgors are singing to the trees in praise of that week's harvest.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams arrive onboard the star ship Solaros 10 as the crew — Professor Parsek and pilot Sorben — prepare to travel faster than the speed of light for the first time. The Doctor's warning comes to late. As the solar stack redlines, the Professor is caught in a blast of a condensed solar energy flare with the unfortunate side effect of transforming him into some kind of neoform reptilioplas. A second blast leaves Sorben out cold.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams busy themselves rescuing survivors of an alien spacecraft that has crashed into a beach on 23rd century Earth. Feeling sorry for the poor little things, the Doctor leaves them in the hands of the emergency services and offers to pop by their homeland and let their nearest and dearest know that the survivors are OK. Reluctantly the aliens give their home world as Pirius Voon in the Grizellda Quadrant and the TARDIS leaves with its crew.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams emerge from the cupboard under the stairs of the Harvey household. Bella opens the door to let their cat Sedgwick in, only to discover her house and others from her street have been moved to the shelves of an alien world called Burnusta. They are being sold as collectables.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams find themselves in an alien market place in the year 12002. The crowds are stampeding, trampling each other in a frenzy to buy. Even Amy and Rory seem affected by the urge to buy stuff. Rory wants a new holo disk and Amy a refreshing drink.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams had landed on a strange alien world that the Doctor is convinced is Earth judging by the stars but are greeted by stocky angry purple creatures armed with weapon sticks. Believing the new arrivals to have angered the "Great Sky Goblins" that are causing the recent earthquakes, Rory is captured to be offered as a sacrifice who is taken to the "Temple at the Edge of the World". Fleeing to a refinery that is pumping up a fatty white substance from the ground which the locals use for their buildings and for food, the Doctor and Amy come across one of the creatures that explains they are just frightened that their world is ending. The Doctor, curious about the Edge of the World, takes Amy and the creature aboard the TARDIS and takes it straight up and puts it in hover mode so that he can take a picture of the creature's world — a giant Space Turtle (a Terrapratch). Returning to the "planet" to rescue Rory, the creatures see magic pictures taken by the Doctor which show the creatures are parasites on the back of the Terrapratch — a creature that has been weakened by the excessive drilling and is in great pain. The parasites agree to be less greedy and later, with the Terrapratch having recovered, continues to take them on their way through space with a new understanding of the truth.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams have just escaped the Firemen of Fleengarr. They board the SS Greensleeves. A few hours before, it was boarded by space pirates. As they explore, they find the ship apparently empty. Something appears to have erupted from one of the large vats of ice cream that the ship was carrying and jammed the thermostats on defrost.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams land in a pea-souper of smog in London 1885 on Threadneedle Street EC2, home to the Bank of England. They are alerted to a powerful explosion, but when they get there everyone seems oblivious to the damage and carries on with their everyday lives.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams on a jungle planet that the Doctor seems hesistant to explore. Before the TARDIS is removed from the planet Rory had stept out and been left behind. Rory soon finds himself captured by a primitive tribe of look-a-like Rorys. He is rescued by more look-a-like Rorys armed with guns who intend to sell his body parts. He is rescued again by more advanced Rory look-a-likes who explain that Rory's arrival triggered the planets DNA key that would use the DNA in a self-creating, high speed evolutionary pattern. The result is a world of Rorys on a progressively stronger path of evolution towards the stronger "new Rorys". The sudden arrival of Amy sees the army of Rorys bow down to worship their Highness. It appears not only Rory's DNA was used in the template but also Rory's love for Amy strong enough to instil an instinct to worship Amy.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams return Agent 99 to Earth in the 33rd century. It soon becomes apparent that they are being watched. Inspector Gleave presents a warrant for Agent 99's arrest. Amy and Rory are captured and the Doctor demands of Agent 99 who is after him and why is he being hunted.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams take a stagecoach journey along Malthill Way through Malthill Woods, York in 1745 — and in full period costume! They are brought to a sudden halt when the driver refuses to go any further because of the ghost of Carole Rose, a highwaywoman known for robbing travellers. As a ghost appears and demands money or food, the stagecoach and its driver speed off.
The Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams visit an art gallery of the future. The famous artist Zigma is displaying his latest masterpiece. The Doctor is unimpressed by Zigma's work, this time displaying a red-eyed, white creature in a woods. When he scans the picture with his sonic screwdriver, the creature emerges from the painting!
The Doctor, Amy and Rory are awe-struck by their first sight of "Hope Eternal", a super-earth bigger than Earth itself with heavy gravity, volcanoes and a crust loaded with mineral deposits. But their wonder is cut short when they discover a body dumped on the ground — a huge figure with extraordinarily long arms covered in thick, purple scales. Yet the corpse is not alien: he's human, albeit unlike any human Amy and Rory have ever seen. The Nu-Humans have adapted their genes to fit their new environment, and formed a thriving colony. But now they are facing a terrible threat. Can the Doctor find out who is killing Nu-Humans and why — before he, Amy and Rory are themselves tried for murder?
The Doctor, Amy and Rory arrive in South America, and find themselves eagerly awaiting the birth of an alien baby.
The Doctor, Amy and Rory try to travel to Wembley Stadium in 1966 to watch a football match between England and Germany. The TARDIS lands in the exact location — but in 966.
The Doctor, Amy and Rory visit ancient Greece and meet Socrates and Plato. But all is not as it seems as an entity claiming to be Zeus unleashes the wrath of gods on its blasphemous people...
The Doctor, Amy, Rory and new travelling companion Kevin — a cybernetic dinosaur — arrive on a familiar-looking space station. They find a scientific crew under attack from a giant, Cthulhloid space squid! With the security robot destroyed, it's up to the Doctor and his friends to save the day. Who will sacrifice themselves to save the many?
The Doctor, Barbara and Ian arrive in Scotland in 1950, as the Doctor has a job to do. He gets teaching jobs for his companions, and the three settle into a way of life. After some time, Barbara and Ian begin to consider staying behind when the Doctor leaves.
The Doctor, Ben and Polly land on Pluto's moon, Charon, inside a force field dome. They find a dead body, and are accosted by the crew of a spaceship that lands nearby. Two of the crew, Spinks and Ray, think the Doctor and his friends killed the man, Spinks, but their leader, Professor Magellan, a robot, determines that Spinks committed suicide.
The Doctor, Ben and Polly land on the HMS Victory during the Battle of Trafalgar. In the lull immediately before the fight with the Redoubtable, they must prove to Flag Captain Hardy they are not spies or deserters. The Doctor proposes to his companions that they try to do a bit more than that. He tells Polly that he aims to change history, but neither Ben nor she believe he is capable of that. He tries to give Nelson specific advice to avert his death, but, in the end, Nelson dies, anyway. Still, Ben seems to have changed history a tiny bit, by encouraging Nelson to send a message to the whole British fleet: "England expects that every man this day will do his duty."
The Doctor, Ben and Polly visit a planet with three suns, where night falls only once every three hundred years.
The Doctor, Benny and Ace visit Ararax XIV and are surprised to see that, though it is a desolate asteroid, there are buildings on it — buildings that belong on other planets. They are even more surprised to see the Doctor's Kent house here as well.
The Doctor, Clara and Rigsy are trapped on an alien street in London, that is hidden from the rest of the world.
The Doctor, Clara, and Courtney go visit the Moon in 2049, where they discover that the Earth's constant companion is a little more than another mere celestial body.
The Doctor, Crystal and Jason have survived monsters, Madame Delilah and Mrs T, but then their former enemy Karl calls them back to the Bar Galactica. The mercenary has a cryptic message concerning Ultima Thule, where fabled treasure and a threat to the universe await...
The Doctor, Crystal, Jason and Zog have landed on the leisure world of Krennos. They land outside the dome and have to fight sucking mud and moving trees to get there. While they struggle, the Manager watches them on screen with Susie. They have been investigating disappearances for weeks, and Susie thinks they should investigate. The Manager is too weak to make a decision, so Susie sends two people out.
The Doctor, Dodo, and Steven arrive at the steps of a mansion lined with jack-o'-lanterns. As Dodo runs on ahead, the Doctor and Steven stay back, until a scream from Dodo causes them to run after her. Dodo believes she's seen a Monoid in the window of the mansion, which the Doctor and Steven dismiss as an imagination. 
The Doctor, Emily and Will have discovered a gap in UNIT's archives. Specifically, information is missing from September 1957.
The Doctor, Fitz and Compassion arrive on the planet Eskon — a strange world of ice and fire. Far beneath the planet's burning surface are vast lakes frozen solid by the glacial subterranean temperature.
The Doctor, Gabby and Cindy land in New Orleans at the dawn of the Jazz Age, tracking down the source of the Nocturnes, twisted memetic creatures who ride music and use it as a weapon. Can the TARDIS team change the Nocturnes' tune before they infect all life on Earth?!
The Doctor, Gemma and Samson, arrive at a country house to celebrate Edward Grainger's fiftieth birthday. The Doctor finds the Grainger family haunted by a ghost that expresses interest in Edward's young son John. The ghost reveals it is the spiritual embodiment of Edward's fiftieth year. At midnight, the ghost vanishes and the Doctor enjoys the rest of the party in peace.
The Doctor, Harry and Sarah materialise inside a museum full of torture devices. They learn they are in Prague in the 24th century. They are horrified to find a real dead body on one of the devices. A police officer named Rychtar approaches them and identifies the body as Professor Hrabal. He takes the trio in for questioning, asking them if they would consent to a psychoprobe. The Doctor refuses.
The Doctor, Ian and Barbara arrive on the planet Dido. They find a crashed spaceship, the only two survivors of which are terrorised by the monster Koquillion. But who is Koquillion?
The Doctor, Ian and Barbara land on Skaro to discover intelligent insects known as Zomites, only to have them destroyed by a Dalek.
The Doctor, Ian, Barbara and Susan arrive in the TARDIS on board a spaceship. Their initial concern is for the ship's human crew, who are suffering from telepathic interference from the Sensorites, but Susan communicates with the Sensorites and finds the aliens fear an attack by the humans and are just defending themselves. Travelling to the Sense Sphere (the Sensorites' planet) the Doctor seeks to cure an illness to which the Sensorites and Ian have succumbed but finds it has been caused by deliberate poisoning. The political manoeuvring of the Sensorite City Administrator poses another threat to the TARDIS crew as he seeks to discredit and implicate them.
The Doctor, Ian, Barbara, Vicki and Jospa land the TARDIS on the homeworld of the Arunde. Emerging into the jungle that covers the planet and encountering the strange wildlife dwelling within, the travellers are unaware that the true rulers live high above them in the trees.
The Doctor, Izzy and Kroton are taken to Paradost to find that Sato Katsura and the Master have joined forces. The Doctor and Kroton must fight the Master and Sato for the Glory, where the protector of the Glory has full powers over space and time...
The Doctor, Jamie and Victoria are on Traken for a holiday. They arrive the day before the Feast of Melkur. They meet alien astronomer Neverglade and his companion, the Trakenite Viola. Viola strikes up a friendship with Jamie, while the Doctor accompanies Neverglade to his observatory, where he is making a scale model of the universe.
The Doctor, Jamie and Zoe are leaving Earth after having successfully defeated a Cyberman invasion... The Cyber-fleet is still exploding... But something is escaping through the mass of vaporising debris.
The Doctor, Jamie and Zoe arrive on an unnamed planet. At first believing themselves in the midst of World War I, they realise it to be one of many War Zones overseen by the War Lords, who have kidnapped large numbers of human soldiers in order to create an army to conquer the galaxy. Infiltrating the control base, the Doctor discovers that the War Chief is also a member of his own race. The creeping realisation sets in that the Doctor cannot solve this problem alone, and that his days of wandering may be at an end...
The Doctor, Jamie and Zoe find a cat-like creature when the TARDIS lands on a strange planet. It is well-cared for but they can't find its owner; the Doctor decides to take it with them. They name the "cat" Marmaduke because he is marmalade-coloured.
The Doctor, Jamie and Zoe find themselves on an almost deserted space lab. Earth Station 454 is being closed down, mothballed, its staff relocated. Years of research and co-operation are coming to an end and only distinguished xeno-botanist Professor Arnold Biggs remains on board.
The Doctor, Jamie and Zoe have arrived in Los Angeles on Christmas Eve in the late 20th century. The Doctor brings them to the Los Angeles Midnight Mission, much to Zoe's surprise. They are met by Carl, who greets them gruffly until he learns that they are here to volunteer. He sends them to Donna.
The Doctor, Jamie and Zoe have been captured by Iolas Blue, who considers the Doctor his mortal enemy. Iolas has studied chaos theory and has determined how to predict future events by working backwards. He plans to rule the galaxy, and he has determined that only the Doctor stands in his way. 
The Doctor, Jamie and Zoe have landed in a very cold place. After a bit of exploring, they decide to return to the TARDIS, but they are attacked by several men. The Doctor and Zoe run while Jamie stays to fight. The Doctor and Zoe are surrounded by two groups of men, one of which chases the other away. The leader of one group, Bior, rescues them. Jamie is seriously wounded by Vignor, the leader of the other tribe. Bior and his men, after chasing Vignor's men away, take the wounded Jamie and his friends to their village.
The Doctor, Jamie and Zoe have landed on a moving dome on the planet Mercury. While the Doctor and Zoe work out what the dome is, the TARDIS slides off the back of the dome. Before they can retrieve it, they are joined by Alison Kolitz, who thinks they are here to help.
The Doctor, Jamie and Zoe return to Earth and become embroiled in the schemes of Tobias Vaughn. They meet up with an old friend, Colonel (now Brigadier) Lethbridge-Stewart, and some old enemies, the Cybermen.
The Doctor, Jamie, Polly and Ben arrive on New Houston, an Earth colony in the Fourth Sector, which the Doctor previously saved from an alien invasion. He wishes to pay his respects to his late friend Meg Carvossa, but something is not quite right with New Houston's subservient robots...
The Doctor, John and Gillian are on the planet Zebadee, an intellectual meeting place. While John and Gillian go to meet some of the young friends they've made at the university, the Doctor visits Madam Rosa, a fortune teller who informs him that he will soon encounter deadly robots. The Doctor realises, if his next adventure will take him to the edge of death, he must leave John and Gillian on Zebadee. He talks to the children and convinces them to enrol at Zebadee University before he travels on alone.
The Doctor, John and Gillian arrive at a South Sea island, witness a volcanic eruption, and meet King Neptune and his mermaid servants.
The Doctor, John and Gillian discover the Cybermen are enslaving the human race in a bid to build a new city for their controller.
The Doctor, John and Gillian return to Trodos to make peace with the Trods. They find the Daleks have arrived earlier, wiped out the Trods and are waiting for the travellers. A subsurface collapse lets them escape into the Trods' underground city and meet up with the survivors of the attack. The Trods befriend the Doctor and help the travellers escape to the TARDIS. The Doctor vows to fight against the growing menace of the Daleks.
The Doctor, John and Gillian search for an escaped didus.
The Doctor, John, and Gillian land on a swamp planet but they are thrown into a battle to save Earth from the Witches, who have their own plans for the future.
The Doctor, Leela and K9 are visiting Mars, sailing down one of the canals in the Doctor's houseboat, the Dejah Thoris. Mars has been terraformed by the Ares Corporation, the president of which is the Last Martian, the sole survivor of Mars' oldest indigenous species. The Last Martian is a cephalopod who was found at a dig site having been frozen for a billion years.
The Doctor, Liv and Helen are hurtling into a future that has been utterly destroyed, trapped inside a shuttle with no possible means of escape. But with the lives of everyone in the universe in the balance, they've got to find one. And soon. When the stakes are this high, you can't just give up. Or can you?
The Doctor, Liv and Molly arrive back on Earth in the 1970s to investigate the Ides Institute. The timelines have shifted since the Doctor and Molly first travelled here and all is not as it was. Dr Sally Armstrong is still working for the Ides, but her associate has a devastating plan in mind.
The Doctor, Nyssa and Tegan have answered a distress call from the human colony F-four. The colonists have been here for ten years and are unable to have children.
The Doctor, Nyssa and Tegan intend to visit Prague, but they find themselves underground in a lighted tunnel. They are several hundred kilometres below Prague, where the Svarozhich Project is taking place. The project has been plagued by cockroaches and slime mould. Dr Jane Flora was brought in to investigate the infestations.
The Doctor, Peri and Erimem barely make it back to the TARDIS. The Doctor had promised that Edinburgh would be a great place to celebrate the millennium, but instead they were captured, thrown in a dungeon and, upon escaping, shot at by angry men. Inside the TARDIS, Peri and Erimem take the Doctor to task, but he realises that somehow history has been changed. He uses the scanner to narrow down the source of the change: during the 1981 Ashes series, Graham Dilley, who was supposed to make a catch that kept the Ashes in England, instead gets distracted and drops the ball, allowing Australia the win. When the Doctor scans the crowd for the source of the distraction, he finds that it is...Tegan Jovanka.
The Doctor, Polly and Ben visit a planet where the fair-haired people are the slaves of the black-haired people. To gain their freedom, they must pass the tests of Trefus, which no one has yet succeeded in doing.
The Doctor, Romana and K9 land on a planet called Xaboi. K9 explains it is in space region 9 zero. It has a rocky terrain, a non-toxic atmosphere and is home to a race of extremely primitive humanoids. the Doctor and Romana exit the TARDIS into a blizzard. Romana says that she hears a scream, but the Doctor says it was probably just the wind.
The Doctor, Romana, Adric, and K9 arrive on a planet with a road. K9 can see the projected course for the TARDIS to an extent, but it ends at a "curve in destiny."
The Doctor, Romana, and K9 arrive on an uninhabited planet made entirely of confectionery. K9 seems in a bad mood, and Romana realises it is K9's birthday. To celebrate the occasion, she takes the Doctor's TARDIS to Barastabon to fetch a dedicated sponge cake from the Masterbakers of Barastabon. After a brief time storm-induced detour to the planet Kendrax during which she ably foils an alliance of the Master, the Daleks and the Cybermen, she returns with the Cake.
The Doctor, Romana, and K9 have found themselves trapped in a temporal war. On Aoris, the past battles the future — and the future fights back!
The Doctor, Rose and Jack encounter a planet-defacing artist.
The Doctor, Rose, and Captain Jack, bouncing back from their most recent adventure with a destructive doppelganger, run into a most unexpected face! As the Doctor struggles to keep Rose apart from an element of her future she cannot know, Jack discovers another twist on his missing past that complicates his present!
The Doctor, Roz and Chris are in Canada in the 21st century. When they arrived, the Doctor sent Roz and Chris off to enjoy themselves.
The Doctor, Steven and Dodo are on the trail of a time-travelling alien named Roztoq, who is from Quinnis. They find that he has made the acquaintance of Annabel Greystone, the daughter of Lord Geoffrey Greystone, posing as the Marquis of Rostock. The Doctor manages to get an invitation to visit Lord Greystone house at 64 Carlysle Street, and Steven accompanies him as his chauffeur. Dodo arrives at the house as well, applying for a job as maid.
The Doctor, Susan, Ian, and Barbara land on the planet Hydra, where Admiral Jonas Kaan leads a vast flotilla of ships trying to elude the vicious race that has invaded and occupied their world. But his ships are being picked off one by one, vessels, and crews dragged underwater by an unseen foe.
The Doctor, Tegan and Turlough arrive in Little Hodcombe, where the townspeople's re-enactments of English Civil War battles are causing a dormant entity, the Malus, to re-awaken.
The Doctor, Tegan and Turlough attend the Master's funeral on Earth, then they go to the nursing home at which he spent the last few days of his life.
The Doctor, Tegan and Turlough have materialised in an apartment. They find a couple, named Simon and Joanne, who welcome them and offer refreshment. The couple act strangely, wanting to change Tegan and Turlough's names. They tell the Doctor they don't work, they just play. He gets them to explain by pretending it's a game. They play a game called Lant Land. On a screen they watch people live their lives.
The Doctor, Vicki and Steven arrive on an arid planet where they meet the beautiful Drahvins and the hideous Rills. Each has crash-landed after a confrontation in space. The Rills are friendly, compassionate explorers. The Drahvins are dull-witted, cloned soldiers, terrorised by the intelligent, warlike matriarch Maaga.
The Doctor, Vicki and Steven visit Charles University in Prague for its one-thousandth anniversary. They are welcomed by Professor Fox and several graduate students, including Jane Childress, who is wearing a necklace that Vicki admires, but Jane won't let her look at it.
The Doctor, as usual trying to find a way to break his exile, finds a power source to boost his TARDIS, and sets the controls to find a larger power source. The journey knocks him out, and he awakens in the arms of a woman wearing a mask. Her name is Emma Hamilton and she tells him he is at a masquerade ball in Naples.
The Doctor, badly injured, is rescued from the destroyed spacecraft Uluru. He wakes to find himself in the medical bay of the Monitor, the ship that accidentally fired on the Uluru. The ship's medical officer, Dr McIvor, tells the Doctor that there were four survivors.
The Doctor, having just visited a scientist named Emmett
The Doctor, his companion Jo Grant and the Brigadier face their strangest case yet — a Saturday night TV show that has been invaded by aliens that look like puppets!
The Doctor, known everywhere by his Police Box and with a billion cred bounty on his head for persecuting bad guys, risks a visit to Sunset Strip a lawless area between galaxies for a cup of Darjeeling and a couple of macaroons, before making a hasty exit en route to the weekly tech fair. Rose describes it as "Planet of the Gangsters". In a back alley they find Doll and her robot being held up by the Trigger Brothers. The Doctor intervenes and gets captured. A Detective Robot is shot and Rose makes off with Doll to a safe place.
The Doctor, nearing the end of his seventh life, is charged with transporting the remains of his fellow Time Lord, the Master, back to their home planet. Despite his precautions, his old enemy is not only not dead, but is out for revenge. Creating a timing malfunction in the TARDIS, and bringing the Doctor to San Francisco in 1999, the Master escapes and puts his plans into motion. The Doctor must find a beryllium atomic clock and stop the Master, but after being shot down by members of a street gang, how will he succeed?
The Doctor, using the name John, has been staying at Connie Bryde's house, in exchange for labour. He is sympathetic to Connie, whom the village blames for her husband's death. When her husband was ill last Christmas, she refused to take down the church's Christmas decorations by Candlemas, as tradition required. They finally dragged her to the church and she took down the decorations, but by the time she returned home her husband had died.
The Doctors embark on their greatest adventure in this 50th anniversary special. In the 21st century, something terrible is awakening in London's National Gallery; in 1562, a murderous plot is afoot in Elizabethan England; and somewhere in space an ancient battle reaches its devastating conclusion. All of reality is at stake as the Doctor's own dangerous past comes back to haunt him.
The Drashani Empire — a galaxy-spanning civilisation, the glory of Rome set among the stars. But for decades now, the Royal Houses of Gadarel and Sorsha have been at war, each claiming the Imperial throne.
The Earth is endangered by a renegade Time Lord known as the Master, who steals a dormant Nestene energy unit from a museum. He reactivates it using the facilities of a radio telescope, then uses his hypnotic abilities to take control of a small plastics manufacturer, Farrel Autoplastics, where he organises the production of deadly Auton artefacts, including plastic dolls, chairs and daffodils.
The Eighth Doctor and Lucie Miller have stopped off in Little Morton for a fry-up. It's not the healthiest way to start a day, but better than some: the Major from the local barracks has just fallen to his death. 
The Eighth Doctor and Stacy arrive on the planet Mars and are captured by Ice Warriors, the fierce reptilians who live there. The Doctor becomes involved in a conflict between two Ice Warrior rival houses. During this conflict, Risstaal is shot and Tusstokk protects Stacy by standing on the front of a blast. The Doctor and Stacy were taken to Uzoxx and Luass, to whom he promised to bring Izaxyrl back. They then went off, along with Ssard, but their vehicle blew up before they reached their destination. When the Doctor woke up, he was with Artix, who demanded him to take Izaxyrl back to his home. As Izaxyrl had missed his ascendancy ritual, he would never be able to become High Lord of Balazarus Mons, meaning that Artix would assume the title. After Izaxyrl recovered his health, he offered to help the Doctor to rescue his friends.
The Eighth Doctor arrives on a space vessel called the Dreadnought, where he meets Stacy, who is running from the Cybermen. They capture the Doctor and Stacy, who finds out that her fiancé, Bill, has become a Cyberman. The Cybermen tried to force the Doctor into revealing the secrets of time travel, but, as he refused to do so, they threatened to kill Stacy. In order to prevent Stacy's death, the Doctor led the Cybermen into the TARDIS. Once inside the TARDIS, the Doctor tries to make contact with the cyber-converted Bill, who then attacks him. When Stacy makes him remember their relationship, he makes the ultimate sacrifice, killing himself to stop the Cybermen. After this the Doctor and Stacy depart in the TARDIS.
The Eighth Doctor has come a long way since he regenerated in the morgue of Grace Holloway's hospital. He has known many friends and fast companions in his life — Charley Pollard, C'rizz, Lucie Miller, Tamsin Drew, Molly O'Sullivan, and many more.
The Eighth Doctor's companion Stacy and their Ice Warrior friend Ssard are being held captive by Artix, an Ice Lord. The Doctor and Prince Izaxyrl rescue Stacy and Ssard. Uzoxx's wife Luass is in league with Artix and tries to have the Doctor unjustly arrested for a murder. Artix confesses their plans and Luass is killed by Uzoxx. Ssard joins the crew of the TARDIS.
The Eleven. A Time Lord whose previous personalities live on in his mind: arguing, plotting, jostling for supremacy... He is also Gallifrey's most dangerous criminal. And he has escaped.
The Eleventh Doctor (in a jingling, festive hat) takes Amy Pond to Hollograd on Christmas Day in 1873. He expects it to be like a fairy-tale Christmas scene. Instead, the village is covered in a red mist — a psychic fog that separates parents from their children.
The Eleventh Doctor and Amy Pond are chased by a boot-wearing mummy up the side of a pyramid in Egypt. The mummy is soon unbound and revealed to be a young man called Oliver, one of the security guards for the pyramids. They haven't arrived in Egypt, but a giant museum. The blue sky is the ceiling and the pyramids nothing but replicas.
The Eleventh Doctor and Amy Pond are en route to see the beautiful orchards of Pomarius when the TARDIS gets trapped in a giant metal spider web. The Doctor arms himself and begins cutting through the web. Amy notices someone trapped in the web. The Doctor frees the captive and they retreat inside the TARDIS.
The Eleventh Doctor and Amy Pond arrive in London some time in the 21st century. They are having a nice cup of tea when they notice the latest fashion seems to be jackets with shades — lots of them! Accessing the local Wi-Fi network, the Doctor, using his sonic screwdriver, detects a massive surge of data that triggers a bio-molecular transmogrification of the jackets, engulfing and trapping the people inside them.
The Eleventh Doctor and Amy Pond arrive in a Manchester street to find the city has been evacuated. Tentacles are ripping up the streets. They hide in the sewer as the wormlike tentacles lash about and escape before being discovered by the military who have evacuated everyone from the area.
The Eleventh Doctor and Amy Pond arrive inside the vaults of a Ratlings bank. They are surrounded by mounds of precious coins like the ten stechma coin minted in 40,412). They are soon captured on suspicion of being bank robbers. The bank manager and the security guard are distracted by gunfire from the main lobby where a raid by the angry Sidewinder Syndicate is taking place.
The Eleventh Doctor and Amy Pond arrive on a barren asteroid with a breathable atmosphere and find a large spooky looking house (complete with Gargoyles), high on a plateau. Exploring the run-down house, with remnants of the word "Arkatron" inscribed above the door, the house appears to be empty and abandoned. Inside they find the walls lined with picture frames that, on detecting, play a series of videos that features military generals giving speeches, overlooking battles or some sort of ceremonial occasion but all without sound. The Doctor becomes distracted when he discovers loose wires and finds that defences to the house seem to have been disabled and judging by the footprints in the dust – recently! After more exploring and a scare for Amy, they meet two others in the house – Miss Crisp and Professor Landale. Having recently arrived themselves, Crisp and Landale claim salvage rights to the house and it was them that disabled the house defences.
The Eleventh Doctor and Clara Oswald find themselves being hunted by an army of alien foes. But as they flee for their lives the Doctor suspects something is wrong. How can all these aliens be working together in pursuit of them when they shouldn't even get on with each? The natural smell of the Amdruks should instantly blind the Zzzatsots, for example. Then the Doctor realises what is going on. He stops Clara and tells her to start thinking about boring things. As their excitement levels drop, their pursuers fade away and the Doctor and Clara find themselves in a virtual reality simulation where a thrill-seeker has been feeding off of the excitement generated by the Doctor and Clara's minds. By becoming bored the Thrill-seeker is starved of his excitement and everything is ruined for him. But the Doctor has a better way for the Thrill-Seeker to get his thrills — and takes him comet surfing, a real thrill!
The Eleventh Doctor and Clara discover a fifty-year-old mystery...
The Eleventh Doctor and Clara land on an unknown alien planet. To the Doctor's delight and Clara's astonishment, it really is unknown. It's a planet the Doctor has never seen. It's not on any maps, it's not referenced on any star charts or in the TARDIS data banks. It doesn't even have a name. What could be so terrible that its existence has been erased?
The Eleventh Doctor checks in on Amy Pond and Rory Williams after leaving them.
The Eleventh Doctor discovers an alien warrior hiding in the English countryside.
The Eleventh Doctor era starts here! When the TARDIS becomes infected with holographic spam, the Doctor, Amy, and Rory are forced to land on an alien world, but it's been targeted for invasion by intergalactic mercenaries!
The Eleventh Doctor has forgotten that the alien planet Usunru in Galaxy 57 is home to the Kreech. He and Amy Pond are soon separated from the TARDIS and captured. The Kreech carry their prisoners back to their nest in a hollowed-out tree. They are received by Rangorr — Brainleader of the Kreech!
The Eleventh Doctor has forgotten who he is and believes he is just an ordinary man called John Smith who works in the Department of Commonality.
The Eleventh Doctor is drawn to a shop selling gadgets at a spaceport departure lounge. Amy is thinking of where the Doctor can take her as a reward for saving the Ekthelios from becoming part of the Croidun Expansion (it was her idea to use nail varnish!). She is apprehended by the GateBots, robot ticket inspectors. After Amy is scanned and found not to be on any flight lists, an Execution Pod is activated and she is held in a soundproof holding pod and expected to answer a Customer Questionaire requiring a 100% correct answer rate to avoid execution.
The Eleventh Doctor receives a distress call, bringing him, Amy Pond and Rory Williams to Earth. George is a young boy terrorised by the monsters in his cupboard. Are they imaginary, or are they real?
The Eleventh Doctor receives a message from an old Time Lord friend. The message brings him, Rory Williams and Amy Pond to another universe where they meet an alien who eats TARDISes.
The Eleventh Doctor suspects something is wrong when the TARDIS lands on the supposedly unpopulated planet Thelka in the year 2495 to find it populated. No sooner do the Doctor and Amy Pond leave the TARDIS than they find the TARDIS being painted orange and their blue clothes (Amy's jacket and the Doctor's tie) removed, burnt and called illegal items.
The Eleventh Doctor takes Amy Pond and Rory Williams to a recording of The Goon Show in London 1959 to Rory's delight. Atop a double-decker bus, they find frightened and alarmed passengers. The Doctor leads them up to a "third" deck. Whichever way they go they end up in the same place.
The Eleventh Doctor takes Amy and Rory, soon to be married, on a romantic trip to Venice, 1580 to make Amy focus on her relationship with her fiancé. However, things there aren't quite what they seem.
The Eleventh Doctor takes his companion, Clara Oswald, and her wards, Angie and Artie, to the biggest amusement park, Hedgewick's World of Wonders. The theme park is empty, occupied by a "punishment platoon" and a lone impresario with empty Cyberman shells as exhibits. The Doctor decides to stay a while, however, to investigate strange insect creatures that are roaming the park. But these insects are really machines seeking to convert the life forms on Hedgewick's World into the newest generation of the ever-upgrading menace...
The Eleventh Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams Arrive at the Royal Court on Husseloof Quatrine with a tripeberry – a Hussuloofian delicacy fit for a King. Trubbs, the King's aide, announces the visitors to the King and the Doctor is horrified to find the plump King enthroned, demanding gifts — that is the rule — and being tended to by a cohort of subjects, some bound in chains. When one of the subjects is punished for being distracted by the tripeberry she is punished for not paying the King attention – as is the rule.
The Eleventh Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams are dining with the Jonsons in 1929 Louisiana. Dinner conversation turns to talk of a "terrifying beast" that has taken whole families and not long after the trio of guests go monster hunting. All three are soon captured by a giant creature that drags the bodies of to a hollowed out trunk which it appears to be using as a larder storing the missing townsfolk until it is ready to eat them. The Doctor uses his sonic screwdriver to release the bodies but as they are about to escape they find a pile of alien skeletons. Outside of the trunk the townsfolk have arrived en mass. Armed with flaming torches they are pursuing the creature. The fleeing creature is savaged by an alligator and left for dead while the townsfolk chase off the alligator instead. The Doctor races to the side of the creature and learns that it is an orphan — its parents having died in a crash some years earlier. Struggling to survive it had sought to protect the townsfolk from the alligators. Weakened but strong, the Doctor returns the creature to its home planet.
The Eleventh Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams are drawn to a house in a village where all of the villagers have been abducted by aliens, the Sceadu. All, that is, except one, a man who lives alone and all year celebrates Christmas with a house and garden full of seasonal lights. The Sceadu are made of anti-photons and can exist only in the dark. While the house remains lighted, they are all safe.
The Eleventh Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams visit an acid-mining factory. A solar storm hits the factory, turning the workers' gangers into self-aware individuals. The Doctor must mediate between the original workers and their rebellious gangers.
The Eleventh Doctor, Amy, and Rory investigate a hotel of horror where repeat business is low but the body count is high, where a mighty monster stalks the corridors and the rooms hold visions of angels, apes, and creepy clowns. Who — or what — has brought them to this place? Can the Doctor solve the mystery before the residents check out in grisly style?
The Eleventh Doctor, Danny and Abby are travelling through the vortex when they suddenly see a psychic projection of a sad woman. The Doctor traces the source of the projection to Philastra, Planet of the Deathly Cold, a world they find deserted and in ruins, After encountering some ghostly psychic projections, they locate the woman, Shemura, from the projection, in some kind of stasis chamber. She tells them that her world was invaded and her subjects put her in the chamber to protect her from their enemies. The Doctor releases her, but it immediately becomes clear that her story was a lie - she is a tyrant imprisoned by her subjects. Now she takes the TARDIS key, intent on conquering other worlds. The Doctor, Abby and Danny are thrown into a pit where they meet Alaban. They escape and meet Shemura outside the TARDIS. The Doctor convices her that only he can pilot the TARDIS, but when he is in control, he boosts the TARDIS's telepathic circuits allowing the ghostly projections of Shemura's dead subjects to hound her. Alaban then seals her back in the stasis chamber. The Doctor realises it's time to get Danny and Abby home.
The Eleventh Doctor, Rory Williams and Amy Pond land on Apalapucia in the middle of a plague. Amy is left behind, and the Doctor and Rory must save her...but time for Amy is running at a different speed.
The Ellani of Beadledom 3 lived their lives in regulated harmony until they were invaded by the Valtor. Of course the Doctor and his new companion Peri were delighted to help out, but they didn't know their biggest challenge wouldn't be the Valtor army, but the Rulebook...
The Empire is lost. The Deathless Emperors are dead. The future may never happen.
The Fifth Doctor receives a summons, and he and Peri land in a castle in medieval England.  He steps out to explore, telling Peri to wait in the TARDIS. Going through a door, he meets his first three incarnations. Not long after that, a future incarnation arrives, having also been summoned. The five Doctors talk, deciding to play something to pass the time, as they don't know who summoned them all here. The First Doctor pulls out a deck and states that they will play poker to pass the time. Since he has an injured arm, he deals. He tells the other Doctors that they will play for a golden bow. As they play, the First Doctor explains what happened to him.
The Fifth Doctor tracks down his old companion Tegan Jovanka in the Australian Outback. A new story by Ghost Light scriptwriter Marc Platt. Illustration by Paul Vyse.
The Fifth Doctor tries to take Tegan back to Heathrow Airport but the TARDIS arrives in the 17th century instead of the 20th. The time travellers find a space capsule has crash-landed nearby and that its alien occupants, three Terileptil prison escapees, intend to wipe out all indigenous life on Earth by releasing rats infected with an enhanced strain of the great plague.
The Fifth Doctor visits his old friend David Gosthorpe, a scientist who made some of the greatest inventions in the universe. David's inventions are threatened when his evil sister starts to use them for her own pleasure. With Nyssa trapped inside her evil games, the Doctor must find a way to stop Ellen Carter's new power from spiraling out of control.
The Fifth Doctor, Nyssa, Tegan and Adric arrive on a spaceship which is headed for Earth. On board they meet natives of Earth from various different eras, and also three Urbankans: Monarch,  Persuasion and Enlightenment. What are the aliens' intentions when they reach Earth?
The Fifth Doctor, Tegan and Turlough arrive on Sea Base 4, a nuclear warhead station under the sea that has some very nasty neighbours.
The First Doctor and Ian are enjoying an evening stroll along the beach on the planet Seetar in the Malachi System, when they are approached by a group of savages. A giant worm-like creature emerges from the sand and the savages begin to worship it. The worm appears ready to eat one of the natives but Ian intervenes distracting it with his torch and blinding the creature by throwing a cricket ball into its eyestalk.
The First Doctor is given the Hand of Omega by the Seventh Doctor.
The First Doctor visits an old friend — who he hasn't met before! A new story by Doctor Who Magazine prize-winning writer Karen Dunn. Illustration by Paul Vyse.
The First Doctor, John and Gillian visit the Christmas-land to which Santa Claus has moved his workshop from the North Pole, where it was apparently "very noisy... all those aircraft and things", as Santa himself explains. They find that Santa's toy production is way behind, due to his having received many letters from children wanting a model TARDIS for Christmas, as well having been hampered by an impish being calling himself, variously, the Demon Magician and the "Magician of the Forest". Having seen a demonstration of the Doctor's "magic box", one of the functions of which is a toy duplicator, Santa asks the Doctor to help make the TARDIS models (which are never seen, only mentioned) and ward off the Demon Magician in order to save Christmas for the children of the world. The three time travellers eventually thwart the Demon Magician with the help of the Doctor's "magic box". After they send the creature into space, far away from Santa's workshop, they decide to leave in the TARDIS. In gratitude, Santa lights up the sky with a huge message whilst on his rounds: HAPPY JOURNEY TO TARDIS.
The First Doctor, John and Gillian visit the planet Zeno. They find that its inhabitants have been turned to stone by the Gorgon. Using Gillian's mirror, the Doctor tricks the Gorgon into looking upon herself, transforming her into stone. The few remaining inhabitants of Zeno emerge from their hiding places to thank the Doctor for freeing them from the Gorgon and the time travellers depart to a new adventure.
The Flux Control co-operation is built on a society of brutal murder and lies, and worker Pip Hexiflorn is determined to expose the corrupt company for its true colours and escape its clutches. But by doing so, he pits himself against a monster that is feeding on the workforce. As all hope is lost, Pip forms an alliance with the Doctor and Mel to change the company forever...
The Fordyces of High Wycombe are giving a buffet party. Among the guests are their neighbours Jean and Frank Morris. The guests discover, to their horror, that they are meant to be the buffet for two cat-sized spiders.
The Fourth Doctor and Leela arrive in Victorian era London near a waxwork museum. Inside, Leela is spooked by the wax dummies. Eventually she and the Doctor discover that the dummies are actually Linktons, a humanoid species made of wax. The Doctor explains that they can teleport vast, inter-galactic distances with their gold-powered technology. Leela attacks that technology with her knife. It sparks, starts a fire and melts the invading Linktons. Once again, Leela's warrior instincts prove unexpectedly useful to the Doctor.
The Fourth Doctor and Leela land aboard a sandminer, whose crew are being murdered one by one.
The Fourth Doctor and Sarah Jane Smith are hiding from a giant mutant sheep behind a bush. Suddenly, a spear lands nearby, scaring off the sheep. A tribe of tall humanoids approaches them. A man, Euripides, tells them they are his prisoners, and they will be taken to the Temple of Life.
The Fourth Doctor and Sarah Jane Smith are travelling to Geshtinanna, a world of historical importance; however, Sarah is astonished to learn that their journey will take nine weeks.
The Fourth Doctor and Sarah are on Farrash, posing as the Earth delegates to the Farrash Future Ratification. The people of Farrash are slowing dying out, due to a change in solar radiation. This is slowly causing the people to become sterile. Different factions on the planet are doing research to save the population. One group, supported by the Leader, is aborting the foetuses of volunteers and will use the brain matter to animate metal bodies. The Farrashians have dozens of legs, and only their brains can perform the complex motions required to make the legs function and move.
The Fourth Doctor and Sarah find themselves in the English village of Devesham near a Space Defence Station. The village seems deserted, the telephones don't work, calendars are stuck on the same date and white-suited figures are wandering about aimlessly. Who are the Kraals and what are their plans for Earth?
The Fourth Doctor and Sarah materialise on the planet Vortis. Following the destruction of the Animus, Vortis has regenerated and the flower forests now once more bloom. A survey team of the winged Menoptera have disappeared while investigating the appearance of strange energy emissions. The only survivor, the wingless Jresta, takes the Doctor and Sarah to a large crystal in a forest clearing, but can't remember what happened after her team discovered it. A follow-up expedition arrives led by the hostile male Menoptera named Versus. Versus looks down on Jresta for her deformity. He orders one of his team to break off part of the crystal for analysis, ignoring the warnings of the Jresta and the travellers. The crystal glows with light. It mesmerises the Menoptera and causes them to fly into the energy web, where they are consumed; Jresta only survives because she can't fly and Versus because the Doctor knocks him unconscious. The Doctor uses his sonic screwdriver to generate a resonance pattern which shatters the crystalline entity and saves Vortis once again.
The Fourth Doctor arrives in the city of Zombos on the planet Zom. A ruling council, the Brains Trust, whose members wear eyeless masks which look like brains, have identified emotions as the cause of all crime and outlawed them. With the Moderator General and the Moderators, the people are controlled and forbidden emotional experiences. They use Harmonisers to remove emotions from the citizens. There is resistance from the Zom Emotional People's Organisation, each of whom carries out and lives by one emotion alone to preserve it until the arrival of the Great Emoter.
The Fourth Doctor brings Leela to Victorian London to see how her ancestors lived but is rapidly drawn into a fiendish plot involving Chinese Tongs, disappearing women, an Oriental stage magician with uncanny powers, a murderous ventriloquist's dummy, and giant rats in the sewers.
The Fourth Doctor returns to Earth in time to say a proper farewell to his old friend Sarah Jane Smith, who he left so abruptly long ago. A new story by Terrance Dicks, author of over fifty Doctor Who books. Illustration by Paul Vyse.
The Fourth Doctor takes his companions to Elystria, a planet vastly changed since the Doctor's last visit...
The Fourth Doctor tracks down Liz Shaw at a restaurant in London to apologise for not saying goodbye to her, and offers her that which he had never managed until now: a trip in the TARDIS.
The Fourth Doctor, Romana II and K9 Mark II land on what the Doctor initially believes is Uthe 4 but K9 quickly corrects is Uthe 3. They find a world with lush vegetation but no apparent intelligent life. Much to Romana's surprise, the Doctor sends K9 off on a mission to find a Uthanian scatterbud, a rare flower that grows only on this planet. They continue on and stumble across a literal hole in the ground.
The Grange is haunted, so they say. This stately home in the depths of Devon has been the site of many an apparition. And now people are turning up dead. The ghosts are wild in the forest. But the Doctor doesn't believe in ghosts.
The Guns of Malgar once defended their planetoid from any who strayed too close; just one gun could obliterate an entire star fleet.
The Haven hangs in space. A vast star city, devoid of life. Organic life, that is.
The Homozillians are covertly planning to invade and plunder the planet of Kestraleve by turning its people against alien outsiders and isolating itself.
The Le Verrier space station fell silent only a day ago. No-one really knows what happened. However, some footage of the attempted rescue mission was found. The station appears empty, except for two nosy time travelers: the Doctor and Clara.
The Loum attempt to invade Earth using T-shirts that provide a gateway between dimensions.
The Master corners the Doctor and Emma on Tersurus, prepared to unleash the deadly vengeance of deadly revenge!
The Master re-establishes psychic control of his robot slave Kamelion. He wants to hijack the Doctor's TARDIS to reach the planet Sarn, where he seeks the healing power of Numismaton Gas to restore himself. Once on Sarn, Turlough comes face to face with his destiny. And his death.
The Master's plans have gone wrong. He has been in Chicago for two months. He had gathered the shards of the Godhead and made a deal with Havuri-sss-Cazcim of Blue Profundis. He knows where the Thought Core is. However, his TARDIS has been stolen, so now he is stuck on Earth.
The Master, in the guise of Professor Thascalos, has constructed at the Newton Institute in Wootton a device known as TOMTIT — Transmission Of Matter Through Interstitial Time — to gain control over Kronos, a creature from outside time. The creature is summoned but proves to be uncontrollable.
The Master, posing as a rural vicar, summons a cloven-hoofed demon in a church crypt. Seeking to gain the ancient titan's demonic power, he gathers a cult and then corrupts or controls the residents of Devil's End to bow to his will. Dark elemental forces begin to disturb the village on the eve of May Day: unexplained murders, a stone gargoyle come to life, and a nigh-impenetrable infernal energy dome. With the Master fully prepared to destroy the Earth, the Doctor and UNIT — aided by a benevolent practitioner of witchcraft — battle the wicked rites of a secret science wielded by an alien from another world.
The Master, trying to find a new body, has used the time winds to turn a mouse into a small boy. The Doctor interferes with this plan, and the boy, Callum, regresses back into a mouse.
The Master: wanted for crimes without number, across five galaxies.
The Mind's Eye (A Three-Part Story)
The Monks have ruled the world since humanity took its very first baby steps towards the Sun. One problem... they haven't always been there. And only Bill Potts sees the truth. But where is the Doctor? And how can Bill make the rest of the world see?
The Myloki. Mysterious aliens from beyond Space and Time.
The Network broadcasts entertainment to the planets of the Meson system: Death-hunt 3000, Prisoner: The Next Generation, Bloodsoak Bunny... Sixteen channels, and not one of them worth watching. But for the citizens of poverty-stricken Torrok, television offers the only escape from a reality too horrible to face.
The Ninth Doctor and Rose Tyler arrive in 2012 to answer a distress signal and meet a collector of alien artefacts who has one living specimen. However, the Doctor is horrified to find out that the creature is a member of a race he thought was destroyed: a Dalek.
The Ninth Doctor has just regenerated into his next incarnation. But will Rose trust the Doctor now that he has a brand new face?
The Ninth Doctor takes his new companion, Rose Tyler, to the year 5,000,000,000 to see the sun expand and destroy the Earth. The observation deck space station, Platform One, is holding an event with the richest beings of the time observing the Earth's destruction, but mysterious metal spiders gifted by the Adherents of the Repeated Meme to the other guests are secretly infiltrating and sabotaging the station.
The Ninth Doctor, and his companions, Rose Tyler and Jack Harkness travel to modern-day Cardiff and meet up with Rose's boyfriend, Mickey. There, they discover that their "enemy", Blon Fel-Fotch Passameer-Day Slitheen, is very much alive, if without an easy escape route from Earth, and is willing to rip apart the planet to ensure her freedom.
The Novrosk Peninsula: the Soviet naval base has been abandoned, the nuclear submarines are rusting and rotting. Cold, isolated, forgotten.
The Oriel, the greatest art gallery in the world, has everything: Dogs at tables playing cards... the Mona Lisa... special tour guides... and a strange metal statue. When the Doctor and Rose find strange goings on with the free headsets, it's time for the Doctor to save the day, but is it too late to save Rose? Is it an invasion or could it be worse?
The Pinehill Crest Hotel in Kent is host to three very different events: a cross-stitch convention, an experiment in time travel and... the summoning of the Scourge.
The Planet Vaga faces its darkest hour. The only hope for its people lies with a boy called Adric and his friend, the Doctor...
The Point of Stillness. A place the Time Lords are forbidden to go. It cannot be drawn, it cannot be whispered, it cannot be thought. And yet somebody is very keen to reach it.
The Quarks create Giant Wasps to attack the Second Doctor and Jamie on the devastated planet of Gano. Jamie and the Doctor, barely able to fight them off, flee into a hidden underground city... where the Quarks await them!
The Rani has returned after her last encounter with the Doctor, with yet another malicious scientific scheme.
The Rani traps the Doctor in Albert Square.
The Reverend Samuel Parris, Minister of Salem, follows three strangers in the forest beyond the village — a forest which is traditionally believed to be the source of much evil. He hears movement through the trees, steps forward and makes a terrible discovery. It is one which will change life in Salem forever.
The Satanic Mill - a vast Victorian factory floating in the deep of space.
The Scottish National Antarctic Expedition is in trouble. One of its members, Allan Ramsay, died and was buried. Now, the other members are disappearing, one by one. And it appears that the "ghost" of Ramsay is the one taking them.
The Second Doctor is unable to find his recorder and mentally re-enters the Land of Fiction to search for it, where he meets Lemuel Gulliver once again. However, when "Gulliver" suddenly quotes dialogue from Gulliver's Travels that Dean Swift never wrote, the Doctor realises that this is in fact the Time Lord Goth. The Doctor finds himself unable to wake up, and is told by Goth that the Time Lords require his assistance urgently, showing an image of vital cosmic energy being drained away into a black hole. Next thing he knows, the Doctor finds himself in the TARDIS once again, face to face with both his next incarnation and future companion.
The Second Doctor lands on an unknown world dominated by an opulent palace. Within seconds he is captured and brought before the palace's principal resident, Heinrich Karl. The world's wealthiest man, Karl is bored with his comfortable existence and desperately seeks amusement. He gives the Doctor an odd vehicle, then sends his servant, James, in pursuit — with a scimitar. As the Doctor travels on the roads around the palace, Karl reorients the pathways with the flick of a switch. This leads the Doctor on an unpredictable journey, which Karl ultimately finds amusing. With his thirst for entertainment finally sated, Karl lets the Doctor depart.
The Second Doctor, Ben and Polly land on what appears to be an idyllic world.  So peaceful does it seem that Polly immediately dubs it "Heaven".  After some exploration, Ben discovers the world is inhabited.  The TARDIS crew go to meet the locals, humanoids dressed in what resemble Greek clothing.  They speak musically and stop the Doctor and his companions from bickering with each other.  This world, it turns out, is actually named "Harmony", and they wish to ensure the name is accurate.
The Second Doctor, Jamie and Victoria encounter a the crew of a damaged Dalek spaceship, who are building a beacon with which to summon rescue.
The Second Doctor, John and Gillian materialise in a small cave. After checking the TARDIS's Year Meter the Doctor decides that his grandchildren should stay in the cave while he scouts ahead. He walks a short distance and sees a Dalek outpost. Going back to the TARDIS, he decides to get revenge by infiltrating the garrison with his Dalek disguise.
The Second World War is drawing to a close. Alan Turing, the code-breaker who has been critical to the allied war effort, is called in to break a mysterious new cypher. It's coming from Germany, and everyone assumes it is German — everyone except Turing's new friend, the Doctor, indeed it seems the Doctor knows too much about the code and the code-makers — and when people start to die, even Turing wonders it the Doctor is the one to blame.
The Seventh Doctor and Ace learn of a property in Croydon where a tree just vanished into thin air and decide to investigate. They soon discover Joe Dakin, an unwilling time traveller who has been forced to transcend the dimensions by some exterior force. The one responsible soon reveals itself, a biomechanical Virgoan space probe in the form of a pigeon that has been sent to repair temporal glitches and anomalies yet was invaded by a Krynoid influence while on Melandra IV, the battle for control being amplified across any surrounding machinery and vegetation. The probe transports Ace and Joe eighty years into the future where they discover the Master has been sucking the elderly dry, using their life-force to sustain himself and stave off the curse of the Cheetah World. His stock never fades as he fools people into handing over their loved ones with the promise that they will be rejuvenated. He merely uses the Virgoan probe to send hypnotised innocents back in time to collect the elderly when they were infants, thus keeping the illusion alive. The plan falls through when the battle is amplified across the retirement home causing all the machinery and vegetation to tear each other apart and leaving the entire facility nothing but rubble. The Doctor is left to clean up the mess as the Master escapes yet again.
The Seventh Doctor and Frobisher must stop the Ice Warriors freezing the luxury planet A-Lux...
The Seventh Doctor encounters the Watcher of Nineveh, a legendary killer of Gallifreyans.
The Seventh Doctor fights bookworms on the library world of Catalog.
The Seventh Doctor gives Benny a lesson in Gallifreyan history using a 3-D holo-simulation. They watch as Magnus attempts to drain the power from a huge sphere of Artron energy which has been brought back from the Time Vortex. Magnus is strongly opposed by his former friend Theta Sigma who, when it is revealed the Artron energy is alive, uses a Chancellery Guard's gun to  end the draining and set the energy being free.
The Seventh Doctor goes on vacation on serene Mount Kabuki and comes away with a new companion.
The Seventh Doctor materialises inside of a television programme on a world populated by non-humanoids.  The only problem is that no one has given him a script, so he keeps blowing his cues. He escapes before he gets into any real trouble for it. Still, at least two members of the Holo TV viewing audience appreciate his "performance" and are glad they remembered to tape the broadcast.
The Seventh Doctor offers a private in World War I the chance to travel with him. The private declines, as he believes it would be desertion. Unbeknownst to the private, the Germans are about to advance on his position.
The Seventh Doctor tells Ace a story about when he helped himself diffuse a crisis with the Sea Devils.
The Seventh Doctor visits Earth's most famous gallery, now abandoned and in ruins, like the planet itself.
The Shadeys are a race that draws on negative emotions. They choose Robert Greene as a host for powerful negative emotions. By manipulating the dying Green they turn his hatred, bile and jealousy of Shakespeare "up to eleven", giving them enough power to crush the planet.
The Sheriff of Eternity and Jack are waiting for rustlers. They have men hidden away for an ambush. Suddenly, the hidden men are attacked by something with "teeth like knives, skin like a tree trunk and glinting, alligator eyes". The Sheriff and Jack are soon killed as well.
The Shining Men are everywhere. You spot them out of the corner of your eye. Abnormally tall, with long lank hair, blank faces and blazing eyes. If they catch you, they'll drag you away to who knows where. No one is safe. They're on every street corner. Waiting. Watching. Shining bright.
The Sixth Doctor and Mel are in the Swiss mountains for some rest and relaxation after recent exertions. But soon the Doctor finds himself involved in a mystery, as those working in the resort's hospitality prove preternaturally willing to help.
The Sixth Doctor and Mel investigate unscrupulous goings-on on a holiday resort planet. A new story by the Doctor himself, Colin Baker. Illustration by Paul Vyse.
The Sixth Doctor and Peri Brown are in the English Fenlands.  They are captured by Saxon rebels and brought before a man calling himself Hereward the Wake.  He decides to let them live, then returns to a discussion with his men about attacking London and retaking it from the Normans.  He says he will be able to secure Danish assistance in this battle, whereupon the Doctor protests.  If the Danish/Saxon raid on London is successful and they dislodge the Norman king, the Danes will never let a scruffy Saxon like Hereward take the English throne.
The Sixth Doctor and Peri are in the TARDIS discussing "what-if's" to do with collapsing time-streams. They are interrupted by a voice who claims to have "created the creator", a being who has had a guiding and protective interest in the Doctor that goes back to before he left Gallifrey. The being claims to have made the Universe in a science lesson and placed a barrier around it to protect it from others of its kind and itself. Halfway through its existence it needed to have its Heart replaced. To this end he gave a Key into the charge of a Guardian of the Universe sealed inside.
The Sixth Doctor and Peri share an adventure on board a starship taken over by its dual personality computer, which tries to take the ship back to the dawn of the universe and start life again.
The Sixth Doctor believes he's landed the TARDIS on Exar 3, but instead the Ship has been captured by the Debans, one of two warring species on the planet Belstar. Ranon, their leader, gives the Doctor no choice but to complete a task: go to the Nomed Zone deep within enemy Siros territory and retrieve a blue rock from the Crypt of Primo. Since the TARDIS is trapped by the Debans' Galactic Co-ordinator Intercept, the Doctor and Peri have little choice but to obey.  Dodging the Siros' CP10 gunfire, they eventually make it to the blue rock, retrieve it, and return it without issue to Ranson.  Honouring his word, the Deban leader releases the TARDIS, and the duo leave.
The Sixth Doctor is chasing a time anomaly in the London of 1986. Locating it in a sewer, he is able to better define it. It's a Time Wake — a literal wake in the time vortex that connects 1986 to 1720. It's caused by the use of primitive time travel technology. To close it, the Doctor has to stop whoever is using that technology. He decides the best way to do that is to follow the Time Wakes back to their source. He and Peri step through the wake — manifest as a circle of shimmering blue-white light — and end up in 1720.
The Sixth Doctor is no stranger to courtroom drama, but faces a very different challenge when he prepares to defend a most unusual Judoon.
The Sixth Doctor visits King Alfred, ostensibly to encourage him. Alfred is disguised as a harpist, staying in a swineherd's hut, so that he can spy on the Vikings. He is ready to give up, convinced that his rival, King Guthrun, is a godless heathen with no Christian honour. The Doctor, pretending to be a wizard from the future, convinces Alfred that he will prevail, and that Guthrun will one day kneel and join him in prayer. When the king's back is turned, the Doctor slips out.
The Skeletoids are coming! As the galaxy prepares itself, Abel Gantz's life is changed forever.
The Space Rescue Service Shuttle Alpha Seven approaches the landing zone on Thosis, the infamous "Moon of Lost Hope" in 3287. The planet reaches out and drags it down onto the boggy landscape. The rescue party of three emerge from the wreck and are met by the Eleventh Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams, who take them to the other wreck's survivors.
The TARDIS arrives in 12th century Palestine where a holy war is in progress between the forces of King Richard the Lionheart and the Saracen ruler Saladin. Barbara is abducted in a Saracen ambush and the Doctor, Ian and Vicki make their way to King Richard's palace in the city of Jaffa.
The TARDIS arrives in 1920s England, the Doctor, Jamie, Ben and Polly finding themselves in a wintry dusk beside a railway line. The station nearby appears deserted, but there are figures watching from the shadows, all of them waiting for a dead man's train...
The TARDIS arrives in 2070 on the Moon, where a weather control station under the command of a man named Hobson is in the grip of a plague epidemic — in reality the result of an alien poison planted by the Cybermen. Jamie is knocked unconscious and lapses into a delirium, leaving the Second Doctor, Ben, and Polly to fight off a massive Cyberman attack.
The TARDIS arrives in Arizona 1905, where travelling showman Thaddeus P. Winklemeyer is offering the residents of Buzzard Creek the elixir of life. Winklemeyer also owns a unique carnival, which is full of caged alien creatures. And in Turlough he has found a brand new exhibit...
The TARDIS arrives in London in 1966 and the First Doctor and Dodo visit the Post Office Tower. There they meet Professor Brett, whose revolutionary new computer WOTAN (Will Operating Thought ANalogue) can actually think for itself and is shortly to be linked up to other major computers around the world — a project overseen by civil servant Sir Charles Summer.
The TARDIS arrives in alien woodlands, where a small group of humans hold tight against the menace of the Takers — strange creatures who come by night to spirit away members of their settlement.
The TARDIS arrives in an 18th Century village in the Yorkshire Moors, where livestock has been vanishing from the farmland and strange lights have been seen in the skies. Something is very wrong here, and he soon becomes involved in a nightmarish adventure, in which he is helped by a young local woman named Charity. Who is feeding on the blood of the locals, and where will the carnage stop...?
The TARDIS arrives in the CAGE – not a trap, but the College of Advanced Galactic Education, one of the most prestigious academic institutions in colonised space.
The TARDIS arrives in the land of the Danes, where a young warrior seeks to rid the kingdom of Hrothgar from a cruel and terrifying demon. The brave young warrior is Beowulf; the monster is Grendel ... or so his name will one day be written.
The TARDIS arrives in the middle of the English Civil War, 26 July 1643. As the soldiers surround the Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams, Prince Rupert of the Rhine rides up and declares the battle lost and demands their immediate surrender. He unleashes his "Dog of War", a giant poodle.
The TARDIS arrives on Earth in 1925 where, due to a case of mistaken identity, the Doctor ends up playing in a local cricket match. The travellers accept an invitation to a masked fancy dress ball, but events take on a more sinister tone as murders are perpetrated at the country home of their host, Lord Charles Cranleigh.
The TARDIS arrives on Earth in July, 1966, on a runway at Gatwick Airport. Polly witnesses a murder in a nearby hangar and is then kidnapped by the perpetrator, Spencer of Chameleon Tours. Ben also vanishes. The Second Doctor and Jamie are left to convince the sceptical airport Commandant there has been foul play.
The TARDIS arrives on Earth in a new ice age. The travellers make their way into a base where scientists, commanded by Leader Clent, are using an ioniser device to combat the advance of a glacier.
The TARDIS arrives on Sepulchre, and the Doctor and Mike find themselves in an old, dark house. Who awaits the two men there? What plans have been laid for their arrival?
The TARDIS arrives on a moon-sized asteroid orbiting two gas giants. With an amazing view, it's a chance for the Doctor, Steven and Sara to unwind after their recent adventures.
The TARDIS arrives on a planet where an artificial mountain range has been made, but while they are heading back to the TARDIS the ground gives way and the Eleventh Doctor and Amy Pond fall down a slope. They land in some sort of cell. They are not alone. The cell holds Elpha and her young cubs.
The TARDIS arrives on an alien planet: just the place for the Doctor to test out his pedal-copter! Whilst flying, one of the blades breaks and his grandchildren and he fly out of control, crashing on a rocky outcrop. As they crash they see Daleks.  The Doctor, John and Gillian use the shattered pieces of rocks around them to attack the Daleks. The Doctor, John and Gillian use a large boulder to stop the Daleks from following them and use the Dalek's space craft to return to the TARDIS.
The TARDIS arrives on an extinct volcanic island. Before long, the travellers are captured and taken into the depths of the Earth, where they find a hidden civilisation — the lost city of Atlantis.
The TARDIS arrives on the coast of seventeenth century Cornwall — much to the astonishment of Polly and Ben. Pirates led by Captain Samuel Pike and his henchman Cherub are searching for a hidden treasure, while a smuggling ring masterminded by the local squire is trying to off-load contraband.
The TARDIS arrives on the planet Marinus on an island of glass surrounded by a sea of acid. The travellers are forced by the elderly Arbitan to retrieve four of the five operating keys to a machine called the Conscience of Marinus, of which he is the keeper. These have been hidden in different locations around the planet to prevent them falling into the hands of the evil Yartek and his Voord warriors, who plan to seize the machine and use its originally benevolent mind-influencing power for their own sinister purposes.
The TARDIS arrives on the planet Telos, where an Earth archaeological expedition led by Professor Parry is trying to uncover the lost tombs of the Cybermen. With a lot of help from the Doctor, the archaeologists enter the tombs. There, one of the party, Klieg, reveals himself and his business partner, Kaftan, to be planning to revive the Cybermen.
The TARDIS arrives on the planet Terra Alpha, where the Seventh Doctor and Ace discover a society in which sadness is against the law - a law enforced zealously by the brightly uniformed Happiness Patrol. The planet is ruled by Helen A with the aid of her companion, Joseph C, and her carnivorous pet Stigorax, Fifi.
The TARDIS arrives on the planet of the Gonds, who are ruled and taught in a form of self-perpetuating slavery by the alien Krotons — crystalline beings whose ship, the Dynatrope, crash-landed there thousands of years earlier after being damaged in a space battle.
The TARDIS arrives on the remote Shetland isle of Bothness and the Doctor and Leela find themselves threatened by Vikings! Only all is not as it seems. The locals are celebrating the old Norse fire festival of Up Helly Aa, so there’s nothing to be worried about. Or is there?
The TARDIS arrives on the space liner Empress, which has become locked with a private ship, the Hecate, after colliding with it on emerging from hyperspace.
The TARDIS arrives somewhere near Birmingham during the Ice Age. As Amy Pond opens the doors a Neanderthal falls in, pursued by a sabre-toothed tiger. Believing he has been rescued by a snow god, the Neanderthal talks of demons at "the edge of the world". The Doctor realises that the snow storm is not natural.
The TARDIS attaches itself to a space liner after Turlough, still under the Black Guardian's influence, damages its controls. The Doctor and Nyssa meet two space pirates, Kari and Olvir, who have come on board the liner in search of plunder, while Tegan and Turlough get lost in the infrastructure.
The TARDIS brings the Doctor and Ace to the most opulent casino hotel in the cosmos – a haunt of the rich, the famous and the unutterably corrupt. There's a robbery in progress – but is the Doctor really in on the plan?
The TARDIS brings the Doctor and Nyssa to a vast pyramid, floating in space. A tomb ship — the last resting place of the God-King of the Arrit, an incredibly advanced and incredibly ancient civilisation, long since extinct.
The TARDIS brings the Doctor, Ace and Mel to a recently reopened shipyard in Merseyside. It's 1991, the hardest of times - but now they're shipbuilding once again, thanks to the yard's new owners, the Dark Alloy Corporation. A miracle of job creation - but is it too good to be true?
The TARDIS brings the Doctor, Jamie and Zoe to a sophisticated Earth colony. Olympos is a world of hi-tech cities, where the lives of the populace are controlled by an all-seeing, all-knowing super computer: Zeus. When the Doctor sees how the human inhabitants have been robbed of the more simple pleasures, he sets out to bring real life back to the colony. But his mental connection to Zeus has some unexpected consequences...
The TARDIS brings the Doctor, John and Gillian to the Time Museum of an ancient civilisation. Among the artefacts, they find what they think is a model of a Cyberman. It activates and calls others. The museum is a trap that will enable the Cybermen to kill their enemies. The Doctor destroys the Cybermen and one alerts others that will come. Finding Trod shells, they hid inside while more Cybermen come to look. Once they are at the far end of the museum they escape to the TARDIS.
The TARDIS brings the Doctor, Romana and K9 to the Rock of Judgement: a court, prison and place of execution built into a rocket-powered asteroid. There they become embroiled in an investigation by the system's finest lawman.
The TARDIS brings the Doctor, Steven and Vicki to the Italian city of Ravenna in the year 540 – besieged by the army of the celebrated Byzantine general Belisarius. Caught up in the fighting, Steven ends up on a boat bound for Constantinople, the heart of the Roman Empire.
The TARDIS brings the Doctor, Tegan, Turlough and Nyssa to the University of Frodsham, close to where the warrior queen Æthelfrid fought a desperate and bloody rearguard action against the savage Danes. Over a thousand years later, in 1983, battle is still being raged, with student activists taking on savage funding cuts... and disrupting a conference about Æthelfrid convened by history professor John Bleak.
The TARDIS brings the Second Doctor, John and Gillian to Arizona in 1988 where they watch an American plane crash. Soldiers arrive from a base and the Doctor tells them he watched it crash and will help discover why this has happened three times. The Doctor flies the fourth plane before it enters a death dive, but he uses his faithful rocket pack to escape, since the ejector seat doesn't work. He alter searches the desert for anything magnetic, and is captured by an enemy power using underground caves to destroy American test flights. He contacts John by walkie-talkie and asks him to send a plane filled with explosives. Tricked, the enemy causes the plane to crash and destroys the caves, with the Doctor escaping.
The TARDIS brings the Tenth Doctor and Martha to Balmoral in 1902. Here they meet Captain Harry Carruthers — friend of the new king, Edward VII. Together they head for the castle to see the king — only to find that Balmoral Castle is gone, leaving just a hole in the ground. The Doctor realises it it the work of the Judoon — a race of ruthless space police.
The TARDIS crew are in the hold of a spaceship. The Doctor does not like the sound of the engines and on the bridge finds the freighter's owner, Mr McKendrick. He reveals that he is trying to escape the atmosphere of Adamas, a planet the Doctor says is supposed to be off limits.
The TARDIS crew have unknowingly become embroiled in a web of deceit. A trap has been laid across time and they have no possible means of escape. Destiny has ensnared them.
The TARDIS crew land on Mars, home of the Ice Warriors, far back in its history. The Doctor is convinced it's much too early for them to meet their frozen foes.. but the Doctor is wrong.
The TARDIS deposits its crew on Earth in San Francisco, 1906. There they find an actor-manager desperate to stage his definitive production of King Lear. But a real storm is headed their way when he becomes the possessor of a mysterious psychic 'Gift' which is hungry for power and intent on wreaking havoc and destruction. But exposure to so much psychic activity has the Doctor becoming increasingly erratic. Can he battle his demons and save the world?
The TARDIS deposits its travellers on a hostile rock strewn world where a race of giant lizards captures them, trapping the three atop a spar like crag from which there is no way down. But, with his talent for hypnosis the Doctor finds the dinosaur's humped back makes an effective ladder.
The TARDIS falls through a CVE into E-Space and arrives on the planet Alzarius. There the inhabitants of a crashed starliner and a group of young rebels called the Outlers, led by a boy named Varsh and including his brother Adric, are terrorised by a race of Marshmen who emerge from the marshes at a time known as Mistfall.
The TARDIS gets a warmer welcome than the Doctor when they encounter the greatest admirers...
The TARDIS has a broken chrono-loop spectrometer. Its auto-repair circuits scan for replacement parts and it lands on a desert planet with no sign of life. Suddenly from overhead a spacecraft arrives and from on top, the Doctor and Donna hear a voice call for "any old iron!" before they are teleported aboard.
The TARDIS has an unexpected power failure and makes a landing in an endless corridor of mirrors. The Doctor and Peri are surprised to find the apparently disconnected chameleon circuit engaged. The TARDIS transforms into one of the many mirrors. Peri marks it with her lipstick. The Doctor hears voices up ahead and they work their way through the maze of mirrors to a large, empty hall with a single mirror.
The TARDIS has arrived on 1950s Earth, and the Doctor can't figure out why. Strange equations appear on the console, and Adric is fascinated by them. Tegan, bored, leaves the TARDIS to explore. She finds herself in a maternity ward.
The TARDIS has arrived on a far-distant and seemingly idyllic world. Yet the Doctor, Steven and Dodo learn it hides a terrible secret: the apparently civilised Elders maintain their advanced society by draining and transferring to themselves the life-force of the defenceless Savages.
The TARDIS has brought the Doctor back to Revolutionary France, a place that's always fascinated him. But this time he, along with Steven and Vicki, are drawn into a devastated land, caught between the soldiers who are burning all before them and a monstrous shape that follows in their wake.
The TARDIS has brought the travellers to the planet Skaro where they meet two indigenous races — the Daleks, malicious mutant creatures encased in armoured travel machines, and the Thals, beautiful humanoids with pacifist principles. They convince the Thals of the need to fight for their own survival.
The TARDIS has landed in a futuristic space casino, where the Doctor, Ben, Polly and Jamie find fun, games... and monsters everywhere. There are vicious robot dogs, snake-headed gangsters from the Sidewinder Syndicate and a mysterious masked woman called Hope.
The TARDIS has landed in a maze-like gallery filled with thousands of talking pictures, and the Doctor and his companion Martha discover they've come across a planet where showing emotion has been outlawed. The inhabitants have good reason for their suppression, but it wouldn't be like the Doctor to leave them in fear of truly living.
The TARDIS has landed in a war zone. The Doctor, Romana and K9 find themselves traipsing through an inhospitable battlefield. Strange lights flicker in the sky, and stranger creatures lurk in the darkness.
The TARDIS has landed on Platform Five, a floating city in the sky of the planet Jobis, and for a time the Doctor, Ian, Barbara and Vicki get the chance to enjoy this idyllic place.
The TARDIS has landed on a hill in a beautiful place, surrounded by fields and meadows. The Doctor and Charley, recovering from a difficult adventure, decide to explore. They make their way through the fields, the Doctor pointing out flowers on the way. He thinks they are in Kent in the 16th century.
The TARDIS has landed on a planet devoid of intelligent life. Adric and Nyssa are playing chess outside the TARDIS, and Adric is grumbling. Finally, Nyssa loses her patience and leaves him alone. Adric wanders the TARDIS, and suddenly he hears a voice that sounds like his own but appears to be coming from somewhere else.
The TARDIS has materialised in a spherical chamber. It is dark in the corridors outside, and Steven thinks they have materialised inside a ship. Bringing torches, the Doctor, Steven and Vicki leave the TARDIS to explore.
The TARDIS has materialised on an asteroid — the last known location of the Koth-Kulaar. A team from Space Service led by Commander Dalton search for Agent 99. They are alerted to the presence of two alien Xragoni (a usually peaceful race of artists and poets) when they become entangled in the tentacles of a giant mutant creature which they are hunting in revenge for terrorising their planet.
The TARDIS has tracked ripples in the vortex to a spooky old house. Inside, time is jumping around, as evidenced by a grandfather clock and a potted plant. Two ghostly children appear and lead the Doctor and Donna up the stairs to meet "mother". In a room with a fire is an old woman. She begs them to come closer. She grabs Donna, who rapidly ages while the old woman becomes younger.
The TARDIS is dawn back to Trodos where a megalomaniac space traveller has reactivated the deadly robots. Guided by the evil criminal the Trods plan a special reception for the time travellers: an obstacle course with death the penalty for carelessness.
The TARDIS is directed to the planet of the Ugrakks. They want the Doctor's help in finding a new home and they won't take no for an answer!
The TARDIS is diverted to England in 1572, and the Sixth Doctor and Peri meet John Dee — "mathematician, astrologer, alchemist, magician, and the greatest mind of our time". ("Only of your time?", the Doctor asks, unimpressed.) But what brought them here? When the Doctor discovers that Dee and his assistant have come across a "great disturbance in the cosmos, in the constellation of Cassiopeia", he realises that they are all in terrible danger.
The TARDIS is drawn to a mysterious signal emanating from a seemingly dead world. Trapped within a crystalline structure, the Doctor and his friends inadvertently wake a vast army of robots that have lain dormant for many, many years. Waiting... for the Masters of Luxor.
The TARDIS is drawn to a planet. It settles in a graveyard of other craft. Within minutes the Doctor is shot with a paralysis ray. Major Arn,  Cothax and their sample-gathering robot raise the flag of the Mighty Tragellan Empire.
The TARDIS is going underground. When the Doctor and Romana find themselves buried beneath the surface of an alien world, they're soon swallowed up by a giant burrowing machine. This is where the inhabitants of this planet live - in huge, constantly moving, Drill-towns, chewing up the fuel and resources of the planet in order to survive.
The TARDIS is marooned onboard a 17th century pirate ship whose crew is being attacked by a mysterious and beautiful sea creature. Becalmed and beset by cabin fever, the pirates have numerous superstitious explanations for the Siren's appearance. The Eleventh Doctor has other ideas, but as his theories are disproved and every plan of escape is thwarted, he must work to win the trust of the implacable Captain Henry Avery and uncover the truth behind the pirates' supernatural fears — and he must work quickly, for some of his friends have already fallen under the Siren's spell.
The TARDIS is pulled to a sports arena by a "strange web". The Second Doctor is brought, along with other creatures, to this sports arena to wrestle for the amusement of a gorilla-like race. At first, the Doctor is paired with Grok, the species' champion. The Doctor easily defeats the giant by the proper application of leverage.
The TARDIS is summoned to a space cathedral by Shadrak Winter, the High Cardinal of the Cult of the Prime Self. Soon to be relieved of his post by way of assassination, Shadrak has used his family’s calling card to bring the Doctor to his aid. His followers have long fled the Sinful, highly contagious slug-like creatures which he himself has succumbed to—and which now imperil the Doctor and Clara.
The TARDIS is taken aboard a giant space vessel. The Doctor has been taken prisoner by the Mantis, a race of giant insects. They are pursued by their former masters, the Tyrryxians. Using their ability to control size, the Mantis shrink their ship to the size of a microbe to avoid detection by the Tyrryxians. The Mantis leader is convinced the Doctor and the TARDIS can help him escape the Tyrryxians, but the miniature Doctor has escaped into the bowels of the ship. Determined to recapture the Doctor, the Mantis leader dispatches a beetle-like creature to retrieve his prisoner.
The TARDIS is under attack. Alien plants have taken root in its corridors, strange flowering tendrils that threaten to rip the Doctor’s ship apart. New companions Brandon and Alex venture into the heart of the TARDIS to discover the source of the infestation.
The TARDIS jumps a time track and the travellers arrive on the planet Xeros. There they discover their own future selves displayed as exhibits in a museum established as a monument to the galactic conquests of the warlike Morok invaders who now rule the planet. When time shifts back to normal, they realise that they must do everything they can to avert this potential future.
The TARDIS lands in 2086. The mysterious Arkady is turning the population of a small Russian town into zombies. With Harry turning into one of the zombies, the Doctor and Sarah must discover the secret behind Arkady's power before he unleashes himself onto the entire world.
The TARDIS lands in 22nd century Africa in the shadow of a dormant volcano. Agri-teams are growing new foodstuffs in the baking soil to help feed the world's starving millions – but the Doctor and Rose have detected an alien signal somewhere close by.
The TARDIS lands in Berlin in the 1930s, where Hitler and his National Socialist party are in the ascendant.
The TARDIS lands in Greenland in the year 1002 AD due to a leak in its plutonium battery. As the nearest plutonic rocks are in Labrador and Newfoundland, the Doctor enlists the aid of reluctant Viking Eric the Red to take them to the still-undiscovered America.
The TARDIS lands in Leicester Square in the summer of 1762. When the Doctor, Steven and Vicki find themselves locked out of the TARDIS, only one man can possibly help them. But the American, Benjamin Franklin, has problems of his own...
The TARDIS lands in Sissenden Village in the sixteenth century. Catholic priests are hunted, so-called witches are drowned in the ducking stool, and in the shadows the Vituperon are watching... and waiting...
The TARDIS lands in a forbidding castle in a time of religious upheaval. The old god has been overthrown, and all heretics are to be slaughtered. Obviously it isn't the sort of thing which would happen there every day — just every few years or so.
The TARDIS lands in a space museum on Earth in the late 21st century, where the Second Doctor, Jamie and Zoe learn that contact has been lost between Earth and the Moon. In this era, instant travel — T-Mat — has revolutionised the Earth. Its people have lost interest in space travel. The Doctor and his companions travel to the Moon in an old-style rocket and reach the Moonbase, control centre for T-Mat, only to find a squad of Ice Warriors have commandeered the base and plan to use the T-Mat network to their advantage.
The TARDIS lands in an underwater city but danger stalks the residents as the Farmham family's research threatens to bring the city to a complete standstill.
The TARDIS lands in the cargo hold of luxury space cruiser the Moray Rose. The crew and passengers are missing. The agents of Inter-Galaxy Insurance are determined to find out what's happened and the shadowy Interplanetary Police Inspector Efendi is showing a very particular interest.
The TARDIS lands in the city of Tromesis on Earth — but it's a world far from the one that the Doctor, Jamie and Zoe recognise.
The TARDIS lands in the middle of a nasty alien invasion — a huge green "slavering alien fiend" has a pretty lady captive in one of its many tentacles. The Doctor uses his sonic screwdriver to blow a fire hydrant and in the chaos the woman is released.
The TARDIS lands in the sleepy English village of Marpling, as calm and peaceful as any other village in the 1930s. Or so it would seem at first glance. But the village is about to get a rude awakening.
The TARDIS lands on Christmas of 1539. King Henry VIII is getting married to the daughter of Lord Cromwell, but the Doctor and Nyssa soon realise time is going wrong. They set out to stop Henry from destroying his own family's timeline.
The TARDIS lands on Earth circa 40000 BC. The Doctor and Turlough head for a rise in terrain, below which they can see a tribe of Cro-Magnons. The Doctor hopes to observe the first contact between Neanderthals and Cro-Magnons. He has spent much research into finding the correct moment, and has narrowed it down within six months. Turlough is amazed at the prospect of observing for six months. The Doctor suggests he take the TARDIS and jump ahead six months so he won't have to wait with the Doctor. As Turlough heads back to the TARDIS, the Doctor sets up his surveillance equipment.
The TARDIS lands on Nooma, a world in the middle of an industrial revolution. But the Third Doctor, Jo and Mike Yates quickly discover that there is no limit to the upheaval. The sky is alive, and at war with the ground. The continents are on the move, competing for a place under the sun. And somewhere, there is a starship...
The TARDIS lands on Phobos, moon of Mars — where extreme sports nuts of the future indulge their passion for gravity-boarding and wormhole-jumping. But there's something lurking in the shadows, something infinitely old and infinitely dangerous. It's not for nothing that "Phobos" is the ancient word for "fear"...
The TARDIS lands on a space station orbiting Earth in the distant future. It's seemingly deserted, but the Doctor, Sarah and Harry soon discover that they are not alone. Thousands of humans are in cryogenic sleep, and while they've slept their Ark has been invaded. A parasitic insect race, the Wirrn, have taken control and threaten the very future of mankind.
The TARDIS lands on an icy planet where the Doctor and Martha find themselves in the city of The Sky Gods. The Doctor soon discovers something is causing Isqar to freeze. He finds himself caught up in an Earth experiment and a falling world.
The TARDIS lands on an island off Singapore during the Japanese invasion of 1942. The travellers are found by some British soldiers — among them a certain Private James Jackson, who just happens to be Ben's father. But they're not the only visitors to the island...
The TARDIS lands on an unnamed planet. The Doctor leaves John and Gillian in the ship and explores a nearby volcano. He discovers it is the base of the Extortioner, who plans to blackmail the inhabited universe with his fleet of rockets unless they pay his ransom demands. The Doctor is captured and imprisoned, but escapes with his pocket laser. He throws the missiles' warheads into the volcano's core, causing an eruption which destroys the Extortioner's base. Enraged, the Extortioner pursues the Doctor in his giant mechanical mole. The Doctor lures him to a crack caused by the volcano's eruption and he falls to his doom. The Doctor returns to the TARDIS.
The TARDIS lands on the surface of the sea, just off the east coast of England. The time travellers use a rubber dinghy to get ashore, where they are shot with tranquilliser darts and taken prisoner by security guards as they have arrived in the restricted area of a gas refinery.
The TARDIS lands the Doctor and Martha in the Lake District in 1909, where a small village has been terrorised by a giant, scaly monster. The search is on for the elusive "Beast of Westmorland", and explorers, naturalists and hunters from across the country are descending on the fells. King Edward VII himself is on his way to join the search, with a knighthood for whoever finds the Beast. But there is a more sinister presence at work in the Lakes than a mere monster on the rampage, and the Doctor is soon embroiled in the plans of an old and terrifying enemy. And as the hunters become the hunted, a desperate battle of wits begins — with the future of the entire world at stake...
The TARDIS lands underground on an alien planet with super-heated water. The Doctor detects the heated water with his sonic screwdriver. As soon as he turns it on, a swarm of bat-like creatures swarm down and fly straight at the Doctor. A short, hooded figure beckons the Doctor into a cave. The Doctor follows him in. The Doctor turns off the sonic screwdriver and the bat creatures stop their chase.
The TARDIS make a bumpy landing on Karn, home of the legendary Sisterhood. There the Doctor encounters his old acquaintance Ohila, who denies all suggestions of involvement in recent unusual activities on Earth.
The TARDIS makes a forced landing in a lavish room looking very much like the foyer to a 1930s casino. But the games being played in the halls are unlike anything they would find on Earth, and the players are far from human. And then Peri sees her stepfather...
The TARDIS makes a return trip to the jungle planet of Spiridon, when the Sixth Doctor and Charley fall in with a lost platoon of shellshocked Thal soldiers — victims of a sneak attack by their blood enemies, the Daleks.
The TARDIS materialises and the Doctor is amazed to find a pig's head filling the scanner screen. A closer look shows it is one of several dishes being carried by a spherical robot. After checking the environment is safe, he emerges to find himself in the wide corridor of a palatial building, hung with elaborate tapestries. He follows the smell of food and emerges on a gallery above a banqueting hall where men in metallic tunics feast.
The TARDIS materialises at a secret naval base off the coast of Northumberland during the Second World War. Dr Judson, a scientist there, has created the Ultima Machine, an early computer designed to break German codes. The base's Commander Millington plans to let a Russian commando unit led by Captain Sorin steal the machine's core, which he has booby-trapped with deadly toxin.
The TARDIS materialises at the bottom of a large body of water on an unknown planet. The Doctor, amazed by the sea-life and interested in the world, devises a method of moving the TARDIS from its watery location. While he has never attempted moving the TARDIS from one point to another on the same planet, the trip goes well with the ship only moving a few thousand miles but staying put in time.
The TARDIS materialises in Earth's future on a space beacon just before it is attacked by pirates. The travellers find themselves trapped in a sealed section of the beacon. It is blown apart and flown to where the pirates will plunder it of the precious mineral argonite. They witness a conflict between the pirates and the Interstellar Space Corps, led by General Hermack and Major Warne.
The TARDIS materialises in England in the year 1912, a time of great social change. The Suffragette movement is lobbying for votes for women, and the skull of the so-called "missing link" has been discovered in Piltdown.
The TARDIS materialises in Nyasaland, later to be known as Malawi. The Doctor, Sarah and Harry exit. They find a dead body, which Harry begins to examine. A group of Africas approaches, armed with spears. The first man, the chief, identifies the dead man as Mposi. A second man, the shaman, thinks Mposi was killed by a duba, also known as a Nandi bear, and also thinks that the Doctor and his friends summoned the duba to kill Mposi. The chief, a fair man, takes up Harry's offer that they get rid of the duba. Sarah will remain in the village while the Doctor and Harry hunt the duba. The chief gives them one day.
The TARDIS materialises in Paris in the year 1572 and the Doctor decides to visit the famous apothecary Charles Preslin. Steven, meanwhile, is befriended by a group of Huguenots from the household of the Protestant Admiral de Coligny. Having rescued a young serving girl, Anne Chaplet, from some pursuing guards, the Huguenots gain their first inkling of a heinous plan being hatched at the command of the Catholic Queen Mother, Catherine de Medici.
The TARDIS materialises in Spain in the late sixteenth century. The country is at war with England — and the travellers find themselves on the wrong side of the battle lines.
The TARDIS materialises in a Chinese fishing village in the year 1522 AD, where warrior monks are fighting pirates with uncharacteristic fierceness — and the Doctor and Sharon find evidence that an alien weapon has been used. Abbot Yueh, puzzled by the strangers, takes them back to Shaolin monastery as prisoners. The Doctor learns from the novice Chang that the monks have been practising martial arts for centuries; but ever since Yueh took over from the former abbot Hsiang, the monks' abilities have been tested by the "bronze men" in a secret chamber. The Doctor slips out of the monastery to question Hsiang, who has apparently become a hermit. Hsiang informs him that some time ago a star fell to Earth, and Yueh went to investigate; when he returned, he deliberately crippled Hsiang and left him here on the mountain.
The TARDIS materialises in a pitch-dark tunnel, where the Doctor, Amy and Rory stumble on the dead body of a soldier. Questioned by his superior officer, Colonel Bowe, they learn that they're inside a British nuclear bunker, in the middle of an atomic war — in 1982.
The TARDIS materialises in a quiet suburb early in the morning. The Doctor and Leela step out, but they have arrived a little too early for their mission. They sit on a bench and enjoy the morning, while the Doctor shows Leela a letter he must deliver. When they get up, the Doctor fails to notice that he has left the letter behind.
The TARDIS materialises in an attic. While Barbara and Ian are thrilled at the possibility of being home, Vicki stumbles and her foot goes through the ceiling of the room below. The Doctor decides they should apologise, so they head downstairs.
The TARDIS materialises in an underground cave during an earthquake. The Doctor and Jo escape the TARDIS just in time as it falls into a crevice. They are surprised to see the TARDIS reappear and fall again, and the Doctor realises it's caught in a time loop.
The TARDIS materialises in nothingness. It is pitch black in every direction, according to the scanner. The Doctor at first waxes lyrical about where they are, before finally telling Ben and Polly that they are actually in the vast, empty space between galaxies. He sends out some probes to check for any biological life-forms nearby, not really believing he'll possibly find any.
The TARDIS materialises in the English countryside near the village of Carbury, where a nuclear missile convoy under the command of UNIT Brigadier Winifred Bambera has run into difficulties. Lying on the bed of nearby Lake Vortigern is a spaceship from another dimension containing the body of King Arthur, supposedly held in suspended animation, and his sword Excalibur.
The TARDIS materialises in the Hanging Gardens of Babylon, one of the Seven Ancient Wonders of the World, in the year 323 BC. The Doctor, Ian, Barbara and Susan meet Alexander the Great – but their excitement is tempered by the realisation that these are the final days of Alexander's life. As the travellers become embroiled in the tragic events, the inevitability of history unfolds around them.
The TARDIS materialises in the middle of the sea on the ocean planet Lethe. The Doctor and Nyssa are rescued by the crew of the Lung of Heaven, captained by Katr Korzen. The planet is ravaged by fractures in the time fields, and the ship is navigated by Constantine, who is a time-sensitive. The ship is on a mission to find the Parliament of Rats, a legendary ship, so that Brunner, the physician-priest, can exorcise it of the White God.
The TARDIS materialises inside a spacecraft. The Doctor and Sarah learn that they are in the Kuiper Belt, inside the hold of the spacecraft. An alarm sounds, and smoke pours through a door in the hold. They open the door and rescue an astronaut, Chang Hu. The small console room is on fire, and the Doctor puts it out, though there is much damage. Chang Hu is surprised by their appearance on the ship, but assumes they are from "the Corporation".
The TARDIS materialises not far from Paris in 1794 — one of the bloodiest years following the French Revolution of 1789. The travellers become involved with an escape chain rescuing prisoners from the guillotine and get caught up in the machinations of an English undercover spy, James Stirling — alias Lemaitre, governor of the Conciergerie prison.
The TARDIS materialises on Serenity, the last surviving world of the Traken Union. Peri expects a good place for a holiday — not tomb raiders, a labyrinth filled with terrifying monsters and a trap-laden necropolis.
The TARDIS materialises on a dying world circling a dying sun, where the Doctor, Jamie and Zoe are welcomed to Sanctuary — an entire monastery carved out of a mountain.
The TARDIS materialises on board a spaceship, the Silver Carrier, where the Second Doctor and Jamie are attacked by a servo robot. Jamie contacts a nearby space station known as the Wheel and they are rescued. Meanwhile, the Silver Carrier discharges Cybermats, which also travel to and enter the station. These pave the way for the invasion of the station by Cybermen, who intend to use its direct radio link with Earth as a beacon for their invasion fleet.
The TARDIS materialises on board a still and eerie spaceship. When a squad of soldiers land, they realise they've found themselves in the middle of a war zone. With one of their crew trapped by the enemy, the Doctor and his friends find themselves locked in a desperate race for survival. Vast warships manoeuvre around each other as both sides try to out-think their opponents, flying into ever more dangerous areas of space.
The TARDIS materialises on board the maiden voyage of a pioneering space cruiser, travelling from Earth to the planet Eternity. The Doctor has just started exploring the vehicle when there is a loud bang, a massive jolt and a flash of light. Soon he discovers that nearly all the passengers and crew have disappeared. Unless The Doctor and flight attendant Sugar MacAuley can take control and steer the ship, they could crash-land -- or stay in space forever!
The TARDIS materialises on the USS Eldridge, after the Philadelphia Experiment has gone disastrously wrong. Most of the crew are dead, the ship is disintegrating, and the Doctor soon realises that the problem comes from another dimension...
The TARDIS narrowly avoids becoming engulfed in a cobwebby substance in space. It arrives in the London Underground railway system, the tunnels of which are being overrun by the web and by the Great Intelligence's robot Yeti.
The TARDIS returns to London; however, it's the 22nd century. With bodies in the river, and quiet in the docklands, the city is a very different place. The Daleks have invaded and it's up to the Doctor to thwart them once again.
The TARDIS takes a detour, a dangerous one that results in the Doctor losing his body...
The TARDIS takes the Doctor and Turlough to the London of 1702 where a mysterious highwayman roams the streets, a local occultist has made contact with the dead and gentlemen of fashion are disappearing, only to find themselves in a chamber whose walls weep blood...
The TARDIS takes the Doctor, Ben, Polly and Jamie to a flooded underground town on an alien world. The streets are empty. The houses are bare. Not a trace of life.
The TARDIS takes the Fourth Doctor and Sarah back in Time to witness stages of the Earth's development. However, as the planet evolves from a mass of heat and gas, Megron the High Lord of Chaos has his own designs on our homeworld. If his threats to endanger the stability of Earth have any substance, the existence of mankind itself is in question!
The TARDIS takes the Ninth Doctor and Rose Tyler to a destination in deep space – Justicia, a prison camp stretched over seven planets, where Earth colonies deal with their criminals.
The TARDIS touches down on Nadurniss, a planet under quarantine. A joint Nadurni/human mission has recently landed on the planet to survey it for possible re-colonisation. Two millennia have passed since the Nadurni Empire fell at the end of the Prokarian War, and Nadurniss seems to be a lifeless, barren world — but a mysterious illness is infecting the Nadurni, and now the whole team is in danger. The nature of the infection becomes clear when the sickest Nadurni dies and an amorphous creature emerges from its dried-up body. A shambling mound of bacteria, acting as one being — a Prokarian — it has been on the planet all along, sleeping in the dust. As the Prokarians attack, Amy is infected. The Doctor can do nothing to help her — until he realises that the cure could lie in the past. He and Rory must travel back more than 2000 years to try and save her life...
The TARDIS travellers arrive in a bizarre landscape seemingly immune to the physical laws governing the rest of the universe. Ace, Hex, Sally and Lysandra battle to rescue the Doctor from the trap he's walked into... soon realising that the odds are stacked against them.
The TARDIS travellers find themselves at the court of Henry VIII, where the tragic Anne Boleyn will soon be discarded by her King in favour of the lovely Perpugilliam Brown. Or so it is written...
The TARDIS travellers take a break on the beach world of Vektris. Hot sun, cold drinks and all the time in the worlds. What could possibly go wrong?
The TARDIS viewscreen shows blackness. The Doctor decides he has to stop "them".
The TARDIS visits the planet Deva Loka, where Nyssa remains behind in the ship to recover from a mild mental disorientation while the Doctor, Tegan and Adric explore. Tegan falls asleep under some wind chimes and becomes possessed by an evil force, a Mara.
The TARDIS, along with the Doctor and Rose is brought to a rough landing by Coffa and Lute, who greet them with a warning: the survivors of "that dreadful day" on Platform One are disappearing one by one.
The Tenth Doctor and Donna Noble go to the leisure planet of Midnight for a simple, relaxing holiday. However, life with the Doctor can never be that simple, and things go horribly wrong for the Doctor when he decides to go off on an bus trip to see the Sapphire Waterfall, starting with the bus shutting down. When a mysterious entity infiltrates the shuttle bus, no one is to be trusted. Not even the Doctor himself...
The Tenth Doctor and Donna arrive in China during the Qin dynasty, "a couple of centuries BC". The Great Wall of China is still being built. Before the Doctor can stop her, Donna takes photos with her mobile phone. They are captured and thrown into a pit, where they battle a robot made of pottery. They defeat it using Donna's phone signal.
The Tenth Doctor and Donna attend the Concert of the Most Beautiful Music at the Church of the High Exalted on Cantabulous Nine, in its 320th year.
The Tenth Doctor and Emily exit the TARDIS into a house for the elderly. They are met with suspicions by the head nurse. They claim to have come as a "surprise inspection". In the house's main hall, a small party is being thrown for Barnaby Edwards, one of the residents, who recognises the Doctor and asks to talk to him.
The Tenth Doctor and Heather McCrimmon land  on a small planet that looks like a pearl in the middle of a distant galaxy. They discover the planet is composed of a silk-like substance. Two figures rise out of the ground and, still attached to the planet, give chase.
The Tenth Doctor and Heather arrive at the launch of a brand-new factory in the near future on Earth. Using waste conversion technology TRASH INC plans to end world hunger with their Convert-o-Matic, a fully automatic factory producing canisters of a "Generic Food Substitute" made from household rubbish!
The Tenth Doctor and Heather arrive on a farm on an alien planet. A nearby tractor suggests civilisation, albeit a primitive one, judging by the oil-burning engine. The Doctor discovers it suits a driver with three hands. Heather  explores the farm and scares one of the green-skinned, one eyed and three armed locals. The frightened "alien" ("little Graxel") runs off to his family. Panicked, they capture the Doctor and Heather and call for the Defence Force to take them away.
The Tenth Doctor and Martha Jones receive a distress call from New Earth where the Cybermen and Judoon have joined forces to catalogue all the humans on the planet.
The Tenth Doctor and Martha follow a distress signal, only to be trapped on a spaceship hurtling towards a sun and cut off from the TARDIS. With only forty-two minutes left till impact, can they save the day? Also, something else is on the ship and it wants everyone to burn.
The Tenth Doctor and Martha go to Loam and find the people are going to be killed as a woman has sold the world.
The Tenth Doctor and Martha must find the legendary lost starship, the Infinite, before the evil Baltazar, scourge of the Galaxy, gets it.
The Tenth Doctor and Rose Tyler find themselves in London, but something is amiss — a tree with human faces on it, a barbarian attacking them, and a fissure. After a series of even further strange events, including a teenager named Craig Phillips apparently erasing Rose and his teacher Laurie from existence, the Doctor realises that they are in a virtual world where Craig's imagination can become real. It's now up to the Doctor to give Craig the motivation to come out of his fantasy world and return them both to reality.
The Tenth Doctor and Rose Tyler lose the TARDIS down a deep chasm, leaving themselves stranded on a space base positioned on a planet in the orbit of a black hole. Meanwhile, an entity who identifies as Satan himself is awakening and beginning to cause chaos amongst the crew.
The Tenth Doctor and new travelling companion Martha Jones are aboard the luxury astroliner Tritanic, cruising the Kolox Nebula on the outer reaches of the galactic rim. The Doctor has "mislaid" the TARDIS. It is not long before they find the ship under attack by a boarding party of warrior class Skrawn (large, insectoid creatures armed with a powerful sting that can cause an anaphylactic shock or a long painful death).
The Tenth Doctor discovers a museum dedicated to his lives and has to remember events from his previous incarnations in order to restore his fading memories.
The Tenth Doctor is impressing Martha Jones with the Great Pyramid of Cheops in Egypt, 2375 AD, when it suddenly disappears before their very eyes, spooking their camels. Racing back to the TARDIS, the Doctor tries to trace where it has gone. Following it, they are just in time to see the Temple of Diana at Ephesus disappear just as the pyramid had done.
The Tenth Doctor is in pursuit of the robot Agent and the Eternity Crystal. His travels have taken him to the forbidding planet of the Darksmith Collective, Karagula. Before the Doctor can reach the hidden Dark Cathedral, he arrives at a village without any children. It is a mystery that the Doctor must unlock before he can find the Crystal. Will the Doctor solve the mystery and will he find the Crystal before the Darksmiths retrieve it?
The Tenth Doctor is summoned to the office of Moxx of Balhoon, a noted solicitor. He is told that a family of Slitheen are suing him for the abduction of their offspring. Puzzled, the Doctor allows Moxx to inspect his TARDIS, only to find the young Slitheen had stowed away several weeks earlier in search of adventure.
The Tenth Doctor is tinkering and pottering around the TARDIS, wondering where to go next with his companion Martha Jones. He invites her to pick a date, choose a date — anywhere. After ruling out most of her suggestions, having been there already and usually involved in some way (e.g. the Mary Celeste, the Princes in the Tower (twice – in two versions of history), the building of the Pyramids), it's decided to explore the mystery of Stonehenge on Salisbury Plain. Martha is keen to know how they built it. The Doctor, however, is more interested in why and decides it is worth a trip.
The Tenth Doctor saves Douglas Henderson from an alien. Taking him aboard the TARDIS, the Doctor reveals Douglas is in fact a bomb designed to disable electronics.
The Tenth Doctor takes Donna Noble to a planet-sized library in the 51st century. They find it empty of human life, with countless other living beings. An information kiosk warns them to "count the shadows". An archaeological expedition arrives, lead by the mysterious Professor River Song, who brings the cryptic last message sent from the library: "4022 saved, No survivors".
The Tenth Doctor takes Donna Noble to her very first alien planet: the Ood Sphere. There, the Doctor encounters the Ood once more, and red-eye strikes again. But what is causing it this time? He and Donna soon learn the horrible secrets kept by Ood Operations, and they discover just what mankind is capable of. Elsewhere, what is the secret Warehouse 15 holds within its walls? The Doctor arrives, and everything will change. The revolution begins.
The Tenth Doctor takes Heather McCrimmon to Cardiff's Millennium Stadium in the year 2000 to watch the rock band, Unattended Article, perform live on stage one last time. There is excitement when the support band, The Mondegreens, takes the stage with their "hot new sound" that is "out of this world!" The Mondegreens are a band of giant, red, lobster-like creatures with a liking for heavy rock. Their music creates a hypnotic effect on the crowd — both live audience and the millions watching on TV around the world.
The Tenth Doctor takes Heather to visit her grandmother one snowy Christmas in the tiny village of Stillmuir. Leaving Heather with her family while he nips back to TARDIS, the Doctor is surprised to find the village disappear before him on his way to explore a little shop.
The Tenth Doctor takes Martha Jones to New Earth, in the far future, only to find that the entire city has become a deadly trap.
The Tenth Doctor tells Rose about the village of Lower Downham in England, which disappeared in 1962 under mysterious circumstances. They agree to find out what happened, and travel to a time before the village disappeared. The village is full of people and looks completely ordinary. Soon after, however, the village has disappeared. They notice the area is in total darkness, and the map of the village has developed a large fold in the centre, causing the print to spill into it. They explore the area, but do not find the village or any proof that it was ever there.
The Tenth Doctor tries taking Donna Noble to ancient Rome for her first trip in the TARDIS, but seems to have miscalculated. Instead of seven hills, they find a single mountain billowing smoke — Vesuvius. They're in Pompeii, 23 August 79 AD: the day before "Volcano Day". However, something else is horribly wrong. The Soothsayers' predictions seem to always be correct... so why can't they see tomorrow's disastrous events, the eruption of Vesuvius, the death of their city? What is blocking their perception, and will the TARDIS team be able to walk away from a fixed point in time, saving no one from certain doom? Well, Donna has something to say about that!
The Tenth Doctor tries to take Heather McCrimmon to the Crystal Palace on 10 June 1854, but encounters complications.
The Tenth Doctor, Martha Jones and Jack Harkness return to present day London, horrified to discover that Prime Minister Harold Saxon is the Master. "Saxon" informs the world about receiving contact from an alien race called the Toclafane. Framed as fugitives, the Doctor, Martha and Jack try to sneak in and stop the Master before he unleashes a wave of terror. But his dark ambitions reach beyond the stars...
The Terran Survey Vessel Excelsior, commanded by Louis B Frederick, lands on planet UX-4732. They find the TARDIS nearby. The Doctor steps out to greet them. He introduces them to a primitive but rather idyllic village populated by deaf, mute humanoids.
The Third Doctor and Jo Grant are trying to track down the magical spear of Odin when they find themselves caught up in a vicious battle between two Viking tribes. But one of the Vikings is even more dangerous than he appears to be. Can the Doctor stop the spear getting into the wrong hands before it's too late?
The Third Doctor and Jo Grant arrive for a well-deserved holiday of sun and "blokarting" on a salt lake in Australia in 2028. Weird sculptures adorn the landscape — statues carved from the salt. People have been leaving them in the salt lakes for years — but these look different. Grotesque, distorted figures twisted in pain. They don't last long in the rain and the wind, but they're just made of salt... Aren't they?
The Third Doctor and Jo are caught in the escalating tension between planets Earth and Draconia and discover that the Master is secretly working to provoke the two into all-out war.
The Third Doctor and Sarah Jane Smith finally make it to Florana, where the Chelonian Empire is about to sign a peace treaty with humanity after centuries of conflict. The Doctor is mistaken for a member of the Earth delegation and invited to the treaty dinner between human and Chelonian dignitaries. Sarah is assumed to be the Doctor's secretary and is not allowed to attend, so she decides to go sunbathing. But her relaxation is cut short when she stumbles upon a plot by two rebel Chelonians to assassinate Big Mother, the Supreme Emperor of the Chelonians, and the conference using a terrible weapon known as "the hungry bomb".
The Third Doctor and Sarah arrive in 1970s London to find it has been evacuated because dinosaurs have appeared mysteriously. It turns out the dinosaurs are being brought to London via a time machine to further a plan to revert London to a pre-technological level.
The Third Doctor and the Brigadier are in the midst of a massive search of the London Underground. They are trying to stop Hingrad, a master of disguise whom the Doctor describes as "the greatest thief in the universe".
The Third Doctor combats the twin menaces of the reverse-matter Zerons and Earth bureaucracy!
The Third Doctor encounters an old foe and time-travelling Scotsmen.
The Third Doctor has a bit of free time on his hands, which is rare for him, and so goes to the cinema to watch a double-bill of a particular couple of movies starring Peter Cushing.
The Third Doctor investigates Station 40, a new energy complex in Wales, and discovers that its director, Sir Nigel Lomax, is in the thrall of an alien life-form.
The Third Doctor receives a mysterious invitation to a conference of the world's top scientists. Earth's best minds gather for what turns out to be a massive video conference. The Doctor is suspicious of the whole setup, but his colleagues can't find anything wrong with the event. Once the conference begins, the person controlling the conference, the Abbot of Mai' Sung releases a nerve gas at the sites.
The Thrematons have invaded the Ancetetian colony, intending to terraform the planet. Several of their spaceships land on the planet and release a mutagene that transforms the Ancetetians. Ptela and his brother Roshon enter a spaceship and Roshon becomes infected. They come across Jo Grant, who is being chased by a transformed Ancetetian. Roshon sacrifices himself to saving Ptela and Jo.
The Threshold have kidnapped three of the Doctor's former companions, along with his current one, using them for their employer's benefit: the Lobri — a creation of the human unconsciousness, feeding on fear. They intend to destroy the unconscious link between humans. The Doctor must stop them, but at what cost?
The Time Lords discover that the Master has stolen their secret file on the Doomsday Weapon. They grant the Doctor a temporary reprieve from his exile on Earth to deal with the crisis. He and Jo arrive on the planet Uxarieus and become enmeshed in a struggle between an agrarian colony and a powerful mining corporation.
The Time Lords have brought the Doctor to trial, accusing him of gross interference in the affairs of other planets. If he is found guilty he must forfeit all his remaining regenerations. In the hope of proving his innocence, Melanie Bush, an as-of-yet unmet companion from later in his life, is summoned to the court. Hopefully through her help, the jurors will be reassured in letting the Doctor go free by seeing what good acts he stands to commit as opposed to destructive ones.
The Time Lords send the Doctor and Jo on a mission to deliver a sealed message pod to an unknown party aboard a Skybase orbiting the planet Solos in the 30th century. They are caught quickly in a power struggle between the cruel Marshal of Solos and the young Solonian Ky over the future of Solos — a future that hinges on the contents of the message.
The Time Lords send the Doctor into Earth's future, when the entire planet is under the control of children. Their leader is determined to discover the secret of the TARDIS.
The Time Lords send the Fourth Doctor and Sarah Jane to the supposedly uninhabited planet Sarto.  The difficulty is that the two TARDIS travellers don't know precisely why the Time Lords have done this.
The Twelfth Doctor and Bill land on Titan in a specific location at a specific time, which allows them to see a perfect view of Saturn, Bill's favourite planet. Using the moon's low gravity to their advantage, the two swim through the air away from the TARDIS. Unexpectedly, the atmosphere is disrupted as a land-ship thrashes by, causing Bill and the Doctor to lose control.
The Twelfth Doctor and Clara are among a group of people riding a spacecraft entering the mesosphere of Unnamed BX-4. An unseen enemy fires at the vessel, and the Doctor estimates that they will crash in a mere two minutes.
The Twelfth Doctor and Clara land on an alien world, specifically on a deserted trail. Using his sonic screwdriver the Doctor picks up a power source. However, what appears to be a dragon suddenly swoops down, grabbing hold of the TARDIS.
The Twelfth Doctor finds some strange goings on at Coal Hill School, which leave Clara in danger...
The Twelfth Doctor is on the planet Mendorax Dellora in 5343, where he is asked by a man named Nardole to follow him, thinking he is a surgeon, on the orders of River Song. A  surgeon is required to remove a diamond from the head of the tyrannical King Hydroflax from a ruthless act of thievery gone wrong, and River seeks to recover it. Surprised that River cannot identify his newest face, the Doctor struggles to break the news to her while learning how she acts on her own- and how many other lovers she has had. However, both he and River soon find that the time is drawing close for the last page in the diary of their journeys together to be written...
The Twelfth Doctor is reading 1001 Facts About the Universe at the 2016 UK Book Festival. He begins correcting the book with a pen when Eliza Jones confronts him and tells him to stop defacing it. She then tells the Doctor that she came to the festival to see her favourite author, Charles Abbott. She shows the Doctor Fearsome Frights, his latest book, which is about "a boy who is magically transported to a horrible place where he is surrounded by monsters".
The Twelfth Doctor — now living and teaching at St Luke's University on Earth — convinces dinner lady Bill Potts to be his private student. The Time Lord and his companion Nardole soon discover that their new friend has unwittingly made a deal with a prospective girlfriend that threatens their safety in a way that even the TARDIS can't outrun.
The Twelfth Doctor, Bill and Nardole investigate a strange space station, but are interrupted by walking dead in spacesuits... will they make it out alive? And how much does air actually cost?
The Umbrella Man is back. But when the Doctor recruits UNIT's Scientific Adviser Elizabeth Klein for an off-the-books mission to the apocalyptic final days of Hitler's Germany, he isn't expecting Klein's hapless young assistant, Will Arrowsmith, to be joining them too.
The Universe is falling apart. A demon from another universe has left a hole in time and space.
The Universe is in grave danger.
The Unnoticed are bound to keep themselves isolated from all history, or face a complete collapse from existence.
The Vandos Tribunal teleports Phil Tyson to their ship to execute him for crimes committed against the Vandosians. The crimes were committed by the Vandosian Shogalath, who has re-incarnated into Phil Tyson. The Doctor and Rose arrive and help Phil escape, but not before damaging the ship's weapons so their ship will self-destruct when they try to fire.
The Vatican asks the Twelfth Doctor to investigate a mysterious book called the Veritas. All who read the Veritas immediately kill themselves. When a translation of the Veritas is leaked online, the Doctor must face up to the inevitable truth...
The Vega Station — a haven for gamblers, art lovers and duty-free shoppers, the one place where the Battrulians and their erstwhile enemies, the Canvine, meet and mix, in neutral space. A pressure point, an explosive mixture. And just as the new President of Battrul is about to arrive, the TARDIS crew turn up.
The War Doctor travels back in time to the early period of the Time War to save Gallifreyan children from being killed by Daleks who have managed to hide away under the surface of Gallifrey itself.
The War Lords, having experimented on individuals of warlike races
The Web of Time is stretched to breaking. History is leaking like a sieve. In the Citadel of Gallifrey, the Time Lords fear the end of everything that is, everything that was... everything that will be.
The Wheel. A ring of ice and steel turning around a moon of Saturn, and home to a mining colony supplying a resource-hungry Earth. It's a bad place to live. Worse to grow up.
The White and Black Knights war has been wreaking havoc across the galaxy for centuries.
The actions of Mr Rees have alerted the Time Lords of Gallifrey, and Romana has assigned her best warrior. Independently, the Sixth Doctor has arrived on Earth. A power from the dawn of the Universe is about to be unleashed once more...
The ageless leader of a dying race believes that salvation lies within The Chaos Pool, a place that even the Guardians of Time have been unable to locate. Meanwhile Commander Hectocot and his Teuthoidian followers move in for the kill - again and again and again...
The arrival of a mysterious comet heralds impending danger from enemies both old and new. As Ace helps the Doctor defend Earth, she is confronted with a dangerous question..."Doctor Who?"
The arrival of the TARDIS in 15th century Mexico leads the crew to the doomed Aztec people, a mixture of high culture and brutal savagery. Matters are further complicated when Barbara is mistaken for a god and the Doctor becomes engaged to be married.
The beach at Tadcaster in southern England is suddenly engulfed in an unnaturally dense fog. Soon after, at the Doctor's cottage, the Doctor receives a postcard from the Master indicating he is responsible. The Doctor and his friend Joe, a resident of Tadcaster who is blind, journey into the fog. They discover the Master is using Sarkan mist-flowers to generate the fog. If they bloom, their seeds will spread and the Earth will be covered in the dense fog.
The blood of innocents has been spilt — a terrible sequence of events has been set in motion. The forces of darkness are on the move.
The blue crystal that the Doctor took from Metebelis III in a previous adventure is desperately sought by the Eight Legs, a race of mutated spiders, as the final element in their plan for universal domination. With help from an old mentor, the Doctor realises the only way to foil the plot is to make the ultimate sacrifice. The Doctor must risk death to return to the cave of the Great One and save the universe.
The chauffeur of eminent scientist Sir Henry Felton arrives to collect his boss's Rolls-Royce from its service at a local garage. The garage is now under new management — namely, a group of bald-headed men — and the chauffeur discovers that the car has been fitted with darkened rear windows free of charge.
The circus has come to town - and so has the Doctor! Watching the parade pass by in 1832, he finds the people of Blandford strangely drawn towards the garish big top. He knows something is terribly wrong. The only thing to do is pay a visit. Meanwhile Adam Farrow finds his sister caught up with the circus and its sinister ringmaster. What is behind Antonio's almost hypnotic power, and how is it connected with an event in the Doctor's future? Seized by clowns and forced into the centre of the ring, the Doctor encounters the fiercest of all circus acts. Yet something much more terrifying lurks in the wings - and the sound it makes is horribly familiar. Lives will be lost before the circus moves on - and the Doctor will face his own doom on the high wire.
The clock is ticking, as the Doctor and Amy find themselves trying to avert Chiyoko's creation and prevent a galactic war in Earth's future. The whole universe is hanging in the balance and the time vortex is close to complete collapse. Travelling between worlds that shouldn't exist and meeting long dead souls, the Doctor and Amy's toughest adventure could prove to be their last... The end of everything is approaching, at the hands of a little girl who wants to live forever.
The colony planet Delafoss is occupied by the army of a rapacious alien force known only as the Eminence. These slave armies of terrified humans are commanded by the dreaded Infinite Warriors — impervious to most forms of firepower, voices like icy death.
The contents of a treasure chest on a sunken pirate ship are not what the Eleventh Doctor and Clara were expecting — nor were the pirates!
The crowds that have gathered around Edinburgh Castle in Scotland on New Year's Eve see a meteorite of some sort crash to Earth. It is not a meteorite but a robot who stakes claim to the planet as the property of the Robot Amalgamation because he is the first victorious visitor to set foot on the world as a New Year dawns...
The cursed island of Fang Rock off the south coast of England is a place of rumour and tales of beasts from the sea. Three lighthouse men at the turn of the century face their fears when something comes from the sea to bring death to all it touches.
The date has been set.
The day Andy became a spaceman was the day his Daddy lost his job selling television sets. But the day he chose to be a spaceman, he was already living amongst the stars. It was the day the Doctor came and saved them from the rain.
The day after the incident with the Red Jade General, the Tenth Doctor, Gabby Gonzalez, Cindy Wu, and Noobis are checking the ruins of the General's palace, to make sure he is truly destroyed and couldn't have escaped. Despite the fact that something is bothering the Doctor, there are no signs the General survived.
The day after tomorrow – and the Vrezian Confederacy and the J'arrodic Federation have brought their "honourable" air-war to Earth.
The dead are roaming the streets of Cardiff in 1869 when the Ninth Doctor and Rose Tyler arrive, just in time for Christmas. Teaming up with Charles Dickens, the TARDIS team encounter the Gelth, creatures sucked through the Cardiff Rift from the other end of the universe, their home lost. Surely inhabiting dead bodies is wrong, though! Can both sides be helped, or are these gaseous creatures not to be trusted?
The dead planet Onyakis is being plundered by the last survivors of the human race, and their leader, Commander Cobden, will stop at nothing to get what he wants. Already there are rumours of those who stand against him mysteriously disappearing. But when the Sixth Doctor and Charley find themselves on the side of those trying to expose Cobden, they discover something far more sinister.
The doors of the TARDIS open of their own accord just before it materialises, running out of control. On emerging, the travellers find the ship has been reduced in size and they are now only about an inch tall.
The end of the universe. The end of everything.
The end of the world is nigh. That's what everybody is seeing in their nightmares. That's why they are congregating in Liverpool for the party to end all parties, hosted by Rufus Stone, a celebrity turned doomsday prophet. He claims he's the only one who can save them when the day of judgement comes. Because he's on the side of the angels.
The enigmatic River Song hurtles back into the Eleventh Doctor's life, but she's not the only familiar face returning — the Weeping Angels are back! Following River's calling card, the Doctor is recruited to help track down the last of the Angels, which has escaped from the Byzantium starliner and into the terrifying Maze of the Dead.
The faded glamour of a hotel in space, spinning in an all-but-forgotten orbit round the Earth, is host to some unusual visitors this weekend — including a party that claim to travel in a battered blue police box...
The final segment of the Key to Time is at the heart of a devastating war between neighbouring planets Atrios and Zeos. The Fourth Doctor discovers that a sinister entity is manipulating events and the cost of obtaining the final segment may be more personal than he imagined.
The first time the fearsome Kraals attempted to take over the Earth, with the help of their android agents, things didn't go quite according to plan — thanks to the time-travelling alien Doctor and his allies at UNIT.
The future is dying. All over the universe, gaps are beginning to appear. From the space lanes terrorised by the rag-tag remnants of the once-mighty Rocket Men, to the empire of the Gorlans, stricken by a terrible civil war. Gaps in space/time, portents of the end of everything.
The game - The first part takes you across a strange planet in the distant future. In your efforts to track down the ever-elusive Doctor you will encounter interstellar gypsies, lurking androids and, worst of all, King Varangar's mood body guards.
The gods have returned, and they're here to save our world.
The gothic, sprawling Ravenscaur is the top private school in the UK, educator of the children of royalty, politicians and celebrities, and epicentre of generations of power and influence. When an old friend of Clara's dies at the school under mysterious circumstances, she and the Doctor go undercover to investigate.
The harsh British winter of 1963 brings a big freeze that extends into April with no sign of letting up. And with it comes a new, far greater menace: terrifying icy creatures are stalking the streets, bringing death and destruction.
The history books were clear: the once-proud Haddron Empire, fatally weakened by civil war, was finally brought to its knees by a catastrophic explosion. But, then again, history books can lie...
The hive of the Vrill bears the scars of a terrifying cataclysm. Only a handful remain alive, hatched after the holocaust of the mysterious Winterlack. The Vrill seek a new Authority. They find the Doctor, a two-legged creature who can lead them to survival. He must solve the mystery of the Carrion beast that haunts the lower chambers. He must face the Winterlack that still stalk the mountains. And he must find a path that does not lead to extinction...
The house on Fleming's Island had been left to rot. Ever since a strange and unexplained death soon after it was built, and plagued with troubling rumours about what lurked there, it remained empty and ignored for decades until the Cult moved in. As twenty people filled its many rooms, the eerie building seemed to be getting a new lease of life.
The human colony on Teuba has just been attacked by the Hufko. Ormsin Ives' husband was one of those killed in the attack. As Ormsin sits in the assembly hall with the other colonists, the delegates who are negotiating for peace, the Doctor and Evelyn Smythe, enter. Evelyn is impressed by Ormsin and asks Vice President Skemp if Ormsin can take part in the negotations.
The human race is locked in deadly combat with the "Android Hordes" in the Orion System. Light years from the front line, the Eighth Doctor and Charley arrive to sample the dubious delights of a galactic backwater, little suspecting that the consequences of the Orion War might reach them there. But High Command's lust for victory knows no bounds.
The hunter becomes the hunted, as the Tenth Doctor tracks the Agent's journey from Paris across the Milky Way towards the Silver Devastation. Where is it heading? What force can destroy the Crystal? Where is the robot Agent, and why did it come here? What is the strange and sinister game taking place in an elegant house in the Home Counties? Find out by reading the next thrilling adventure in The Darksmith Legacy.
The ice-planet Vinsk, in the year 2112. The all-new anti-viral handwash, Gemini, has been laced with Meme-Spawn: a sentient micro-organism which makes the user fluent in every language in the universe. However, manufacturer Zalnex made one crucial mistake. They didn't test Gemini on humans, who are seized by the violent urge to communicate but speak every language all at once — with a manic, garbled shriek — and pass on the virus by touch. The Doctor and Amy arrive on an Earth-bound cargo-ship loaded with Gemini, where a human crew are succumbing to the virus which has nasty second and third phases in store. When the Doctor and Amy are separated, they both know that it's only a matter of time before Amy is infected. With the ship locked on course, and no way of curing the sufferers, the Doctor is faced with a terrible decision: does he save Amy, or Earth?
The inhabitants of Earth had been blissfully unaware that from the depths of outer space, their progress was being carefully scrutinised by the evil leader of the most ruthless, vicious and technically advanced race in the universe.
The late nineteenth century — the age of reason, of enlightenment, of industrialisation. Britain is the workshop of the world, the centre of the Empire.
The leaders on planet Earth think that the Magnate is a mysterious "shadow Government" that controls the world. It isn't. The leaders believe the Network to be a ramshackle, paranoid outfit of European anarchists who will eventually blow themselves up. They won't. The leaders believe that if there are humans who can control things with their minds — ESPnets — they're few and far between, and not worth worrying about. They're wrong. The leaders believe that one minute after midnight on 31 December 1993, a new year, full of promise, will begin. They're wrong.
The legend dates back to Roman times, at least: a great White Worm, as wide as a man, slithers out of the rocks of the Dark Peak Gap to take animals, sometimes even children, for its food.
The library on Kar-Charrat is one of the wonders of the Universe. It is also hidden from all but a few select species. The Doctor and Ace discover that the librarians have found a new way of storing data — a wetworks facility — but the machine has attracted unwanted attention, and the Doctor soon finds himself pitted against his oldest and deadliest enemies — the Daleks!
The neutral ground of the usually lush and beautiful Ursulonamex, known as The Planet of Oblivion, is now scorched and charred.
The night River Song is imprisoned in Stormcage for killing the Eleventh Doctor, she receives a visit from her husband to take her out on their first date. Things get complicated when another River arrives.
The night before school, Janie complete her homework on the solar system — four hundred words! — in record time, despite arguing with her brother over a cool pencil she has found. The next day at school, her teacher is very impressed with the amount of detail in her homework, in spite of references to the planet Speldron and it being done in pencil.
The old village well is just a curiosity — something to attract tourists intrigued by stories of lost treasure, or visitors just making a wish. Unless something alien and terrifying could be lurking inside the well. Something utterly monstrous that causes nothing but death and destruction. But who knows the real truth about the well? Who wishes to unleash the hideous force it contains? What terrible consequences will follow the search for a legendary treasure hidden at the bottom? No one wants to believe the Doctor's warnings about the deadly horror lying in wait — but soon they'll wish they had...
The parishioners of Cheldon Bonniface walk to church on the Sunday before Christmas, 1992. Snow is in the air, or is it the threat of something else? The Reverend Trelaw has a premonition, too, and discusses it with the spirit that inhabits his church. Perhaps the Doctor is about to visit them again?
The peace and quiet of a remote homestead in the 1880s American West is shattered by the arrival of two shadowy outriders searching for 'the healer'. When the farmer refuses to help them, they raze the house to the ground, using guns that shoot bolts of energy instead of bullets...
The people from the village of Galathos relate their sad tale of the oncoming sickwind, a curse from the gods that kills their people and takes them away. They show the warning marks on their bodies: small, plaster-sized patches, like tattoos. Once the marks start to appear they have only seven suns' time left to hunt the Dramos and revel in its healing blood lest they die.
The people of Aimarrh's planet have worshipped the Eternal Machine for hundreds of years. Now, Aimarrh has had the dream, and his teacher, Engineer Fyan, tells him he has been chosen as an initiate, to travel to the stars.
The people of Bellania II see their sun, Bel, shrouded in night for a month following an impossible triple eclipse. When Bel is returned to them a younger, brighter, hotter star, it is the beginning of the end for the entire solar system...
The people of the Crooked World lead an idyllic existence.
The place is Earth. The time is the near future — all too near.
The place is Eastern Europe. The year is 2015.
The place, the date and the event which made history. Or did it? Someone has been tampering with time, muddying the waters of history for his own purposes. Time itself is out of joint and the chief culprit is the enigmatic Doctor Knox.
The plan was simple. The TARDIS is being kept in the King's throne room, guarded by a three-headed dog. Probosco would sneak the Doctor into the throne room via his cupboard - Probosco being humanoid but also elephant-like in appearance, and all the Doctor has at his disposal is a broom. On the positive side, sometimes he doesn't have a broom! The plan however wasn't as simple as he may have liked, as the King seemed to have prepared a death deadly obstacle course, for his own amusement. The Doctor offered to do it all by himself, and that Probosco should wait, but there is a slight problem to this... his trunk is "a bit psycic", and when it's scared it'll wrap itself around the bravest person in the room when he's scared. Looks like Probosco will just have to go with him.
The planet Cawdor. Deep in the heart of the Drashani Empire.
The planet Ceres Alpha is being "developed". The surface crawls with gigantic city-machines that are churning and rebuilding the world, seeding it with tomorrow's vegetation so that full-scale colonisation can follow.
The planet Colophos is a dead world. Nothing but dust and rubble — and the ruins of a once-great civilisation. But is it really as dead as it appears? When the Doctor and Leela land, joined by the crew of the Oligarch survey ship, it's not long before they receive a communication from one of the ruins. A communication from Astaroth Morax, the last of the Colophon. Attended by a sadistic robot nurse, Morax is in a wheelchair and bound in bandages to conceal his terrible injuries. But is he really as powerless as he seems? What became of the rest of his race — and why didn't he die with them?
The planet Dashrah is a world of exceptional beauty. Historical ruins; colourful skies; swirling sunsets...
The planet did not look inviting... On the fog-shrouded planet Gathwyr, the Doctor and his companions stumble across the keys to a mystery that lead them to plot and counterplot in a struggle that threatens the universe itself.
The planets Janus Prime and Menda are diametrically opposed in orbit around a vast Red Giant star. But while Menda is rich and fertile in the light of the sun, Janus Prime endures everlasting night, its moon causing a permanent solar eclipse.
The port of Alexandria, 5th Century AD.
The post-war London of 1948 is rebuilding, the people are recovering, and Ben and Polly have arrived with an old friend with a new face. But they're not the only visitors. A very different kind of war is being fought, in a department store, and they are in the middle of it...
The prehistoric Earth is dying. Thunderclouds roll across the skies, cloaking the land in darkness. The seas crash and boil as the rain turns to acid. The remnants of the Silurian race place themselves in suspended animation, deep below the surface.
The present day: just as the Fourth Doctor and Leela arrive in Fetchborough, England, Professor Fendelman prepares to experiment on a fossilized skull which science says should not exist. The skull is actually an artefact of the Fendahl, a god-like being who feeds on the life force of others. It has begun to awaken and kill. Worse yet, others seek to exploit the Fendahl's dreadful power.
The present day: the Orkney Ferry, where Ian Chesterton meets a stranger in whom he can confide.
The present: Leela is doomed, trapped inside a prison cell of a dead race.
The pride of the Z'nai matches that of Leela of the Sevateem. Why would the Doctor imprison one in such an unlikely place, and what terrors will be brought about by letting it loose?
The pursuit of the Timewyrm leads the Doctor and Ace to London, 1951, and the Festival of Britain — a celebration of the achievements of this small country, this insignificant corner of the glorious Thousand Year Reich.
The richest man in the galaxy has just bought a backwards planet with no obvious mineral wealth in the outer reaches of the universe. An obscure mystical sect has been revived after centuries of neglect. A new race of aliens are hunting for prey. Why?
The search for the final segment of the Key to Time takes the Doctor and the First Romana to Ancient Rome. The Time Lady is appalled when her companion prefers to watch the latest Plautus comedy rather than complete their mission, and is even less delighted to meet the playwright himself.
The search for the fourth segment of the Key to Time brings the Doctor and Romana back to Earth in the present day.
The search for the fourth segment of the Key to Time brings the TARDIS to 1930s Shanghai: a dark and shadowy world, riven by conflict and threatened by the expansion of the Japanese Empire. Meanwhile, the savage Tongs pursue their own mysterious agenda in the city's illegal clubs and opium dens.
The seers of Gelsandor foretell the coming of many visitors to their planet, all in search of the lost treasure of the fabulously wealthy Rovan Cartovall, who vanished 5000 years ago...
The serpentine Colony Sarff has searched the entire universe for the Doctor, to give him the final message of Davros; however, the Time Lord is nowhere to be found.
The ship Pride of Sheboygan has recently suffered a disaster; however, the surviving crew has lost the last year of their memories. As technician Saya Rohar notes in her reports, only the ship's doctor and his assistant Turlough retain their memories.
The shocking secret linking a Time Lord and a President.
The story revolves around the lost planet Shada, on which the Time Lords built a prison for defeated would-be conquerors of the universe. Skagra, one such inmate, needs the help of one of the prison's inmates. He finds nobody knows where Shada is anymore except one aged Time Lord who has retired to Earth, where he is a professor at St. Cedd's College, Cambridge. Luckily for the universe, Skagra's attempt to force the information out of Professor Chronotis coincides with a visit by the professor's old friend, the Fourth Doctor.
The stress from their past few adventures have the Doctor and Rory at each other's throats, and Amy has had just about enough. So she sends them on a boy's night out, must to their chagrin, but with a TARDIS at their disposal.
The time has arrived. Events are in motion. The end of the universe is at hand and the Doctor and his friends have one hour to save eternity. Starting now.
The time travellers arrive in Scotland just after the Battle of Culloden. The Second Doctor gains the trust of a small band of fleeing Jacobites by offering to tend to their wounded Laird, Colin McLaren. While Polly and the Laird's daughter, Kirsty, are away fetching water, he and the others are all captured by Redcoat troops commanded by Lieutenant Algernon Ffinch.
The tracer brings the Doctor, Romana and K9 to the politically corrupt colony world of Vyga 3. The Doctor's arrival results in his possession of a briefcase which two gangs are desperate to get their hands on. The gangs believe the briefcase contains a secret weapon and agree to work together. Leaving the briefcase and making an escape to the TARDIS, the Doctor and Romana watch on the scanner as the case is opened. It releases a fluctuating chronon which rapidly degenerates those in close proximity. The Black Guardian's trap is foiled.
The travellers arrive in a strange domain presided over by the Celestial Toymaker — an enigmatic, immortal entity who forces them to play a series of games, failure at which will render them his playthings for all eternity.
The travellers learn from the Time-Space Visualiser (taken from the Moroks' museum) that Daleks, equipped with their own time machine, are on their trail with orders to exterminate them. They flee in the TARDIS.
The twenty-first century has just begun, and Malebolgia is enjoying its status as the newest state in America. After his successful involvement with Scotland's devolution, Brigadier Alistair Gordon Lethbridge-Stewart has been invited over to Malebolgia to offer some of his experiences and expertise.
The two greatest science-fiction properties of all time cross over for the first time in history! When the Federation's most terrifying enemy strikes an unholy alliance with one of the Doctor's most hated antagonists, the result is devastation on a cosmic scale! Spanning the ends of space and time itself, Jean-Luc Picard and the crew of the USS Enterprise find themselves joining forces with the time-travelling Doctor and his companions, with the fate of the galaxy hanging in the balance!
The universe stands on the brink of a dimensional crisis — and the Doctor and Raine are pulled into the very epicentre of it.
The village was cursed centuries ago, but only now is the alien evil beginning to revive...
The violent, volcanic world of Hephastos is home to a colony of composers, painters, authors and poets, all striving to create the greatest works of art the universe has ever seen. But in pursuit of their goal, artistic collaboration has been taken a stage too far...
The virtual world of Parallife is very real danger...
The walls of a manor house are dripping wet at night. But why can only mad Lady Catherine – and Peri – see it?
The war between the Sontarans and the Rutans has been raging for millennia. Billions have died and whole star systems have been obliterated in the conflict. Now, finally, one side may have victory within its grasp.
The war world of Combatia. A great mechanised planet that traverses the universe, overseen by its benevolent and infallible overlord, plucking up the finest warriors of every world it passes and pitting them against each other to determine which of them is greatest. Their consent is irrelevant - all that matters is the battle. The greatest warrior must be found. Will it be Bloodbane, King of Carnage? Jamie McCrimmon? Gichin Funakoshi? Or the strange little man who calls himself the Doctor?
The world faces imminent destruction when Italy wins the World Cup! Can the fabled Time Lady Charleyostiantayshius save humanity from the dreaded Threllip Empire, or will her idiot assistant, the Doctor, ruin everything?
The world-weary Doctor and his time-travelling friends of various races join together to found the Institute of Time. One of the time-travellers asks the Doctor if the Institute will still be standing at the end of the universe. The Doctor takes a trip in the TARDIS to find out. Arriving near the end of the universe, the Doctor finds the Institute in ruins. All of his friends have killed themselves because they know they have no place in the next universe. The Doctor finds his first incarnation standing in the ruins and talks with him. The Doctor tells his future self not to give up; there are plenty of new planets to visit. With a new sense of adventure the Doctor travels back in time to the founding of the Institute, but does not tell his friends what he saw.
The year is 1645, and Edinburgh is in the grip of the worst plague in its history. Nobody knows who will be the next to succumb – nobody except the Night Doctor, a masked figure that stalks the streets, seeking out those who will not live to see another day.
The year is 1770, and daring explorer Captain James Cook and his crew on the Endeavour are navigating the Pacific Ocean.
The year is 1861, and the Doctor and Mrs Wibbsey find themselves in the right place at the wrong time. At the rectory they encounter the ill-tempered Reverend Dobbs and his young ward Andrew, whose paper faces hide whatever horrors lie beneath. Tutoring him is one Mr Bewley, whom Mrs Wibbsey is startled to recognise. In Hexford Woods, the Doctor uncovers a secret which Andrew and his friends have been keeping. As the truth begins to emerge about the rectory's occupants, it also becomes clear why so many people have disappeared from the village. Unless the Doctor and Mrs Wibbsey can help, the whole village will soon be terrorised by a child's imagination...
The year is 1878. Three ships of the British Imperial Spacefleet have just set course for the Moon.
The year is 1939, and a case of poison pen letters at St Ursula's College threatens to change the course of the Second World War. Fortunately thriller writer Miss Sarah Perry is on hand to investigate...
The year is 1987, and Britain is divided. In Bradford, strikers are picketing and clashing with the police. In the city of London, stockbrokers are drinking champagne and politicians are courting the super-rich. The mysterious media mogul Alek Zenos, head of the Zenos Corporation, is offering Britain an economic miracle. His partners wish to invest – and their terms are too good to refuse.
The year is 1989. In London, safe cracker Raine Creevy breaks into a house — and finds more than the family jewels.
The year is 2044. Earth is enjoying a Golden Age of peace, prosperity and technological advancement... but somebody is plotting to destroy all that. The Selachians, shark-like alien monsters, launch a crippling attack on Earth's Moonbase, using deadly weapons from the future.
The year is 2085, and planet Earth remains on the edge of a nuclear precipice. At any moment, either of two vast rival power blocs, to the West and the East, might unleash a torrent of missiles, bringing about the terrible certainty of Mutual Assured Destruction.
The year is 2163. Ten years since the Daleks invaded the Earth. One year until the Doctor, in his first incarnation, will help bring the occupation to an end. But for now, their reign of terror goes on.
The year is 2204. The final confrontation between humankind and the monstrous Selachians is about to reach its tragic conclusion.
The year is A.D. 325. In the city of Nicaea, the first great Church council, called by the Roman Emperor Constantine, is due to begin. Here, theology, philosophy and politics will be brought together for millennia to come.
Then: A bomb explodes, killing the Third Doctor and Brigadier Lethbridge-Stewart.
There are dark skies on Krelos... and something gigantic is descending.
There are dark tides running through the universe...
There are many beasts and monsters in the universe, it is true. But the worst of them is Man.
There are no monsters this time... are there?
There are some evils in the universe that need to be fought. And others that need redeeming...
There have been many ways to invade the Earth, and the Eleventh Doctor has seen them all – or so he always thought. And then the human race wakes up one morning and discovers the world has been overrun by small cubes, which then proceed to do nothing at all. A plan is afoot, humanity is endangered – but by what and how and, above all, when? Thus begins the Year of the Slow Invasion.
There is a world where wishes can come true. Where any simpleton can become a king and any scullery maid might be a princess in disguise. Kindness and virtue are rewarded, and the wicked are made to dance in red-hot shoes until they die. But a witch's oven will cook both the virtuous and the wicked alike, and many a frog-prince is crushed beneath the wheels of a cart before he gets that magic kiss.
There is only death.
There is some evil in all of us — even the Doctor. Transported aboard the Time Lords' orbiting courtroom, the Doctor once again encounters the Valeyard, an amalgamation of the darker sides of his nature. This time, however, the Doctor isn't in the dock. This time, the Valeyard is the defendant, accused of a crime so terrible that the presiding Inquisitor is forbidden to reveal it even to the court, nor even to his counsel for the defence... the Doctor.
There were the contracts, the agents, the local sponsors, the broadcasts, the laws which made murder legal...
There's a devil out on the bayou, or so they say... Something stalking bluesmen through the swamps of Mississippi, offering them talent beyond imagining, worlds at their feet - in exchange for their souls!
There's a house across the waters at Ely where an old woman tells a strange story.
There's a secret locked up in UNIT's Vault 75-73/Whitehall. Dr Elizabeth Shaw is the only one left who knows what that secret is. Returning to UNIT for the first time in decades, she slowly unravels the past. The vault contains the remains of a spaceship that crashed in the Pennines in the seventies. For the young Liz Shaw, the priority is to ensure the thing's safe. However, the Doctor is more concerned about the alien pilot and the chance this ship offers for escape. Can he resist the temptation, or will the Third Doctor turn on his friends?
There's more to the Wild West than cowboys...
There's one place in creation where the truth really can be found in the bottom of a glass — Bianca's, a very special and very exclusive little club.
These creatures have ravaged half the cosmos. They're experts at this kind of thing. Nothing can stand in their way.
They call him the Pugilist.
They call it the Dead Frontier. It's as far from home as the human race ever went, the planet where mankind dumped the waste of its thousand-year empire and left its culture out in the sun to rot.
They encounter a creature that is somehow singing a mournful song, even though it has no mouth. The Doctor does something to the creature that seems to heal it, and it heads off down the path. Dodo and the Doctor follow, and the Doctor leaves Dodo behind.
The Master and the Dalek Time Controller have forged an alliance. History hangs in the balance, and this time the Doctor can't help...
The Master has obtained a TIRU, a device with the ability to chop and splice time, allowing him to rearrange events in the universe. He has held up in the "Mines of Terror" on Rijar, where Heatonite, a mysterious compound vital to the construction of a TIRU, is mined.
Thirty years on from the Daleks' invasion of Earth, the scars still haven't healed. The survivors inhabit a world thrown back two hundred years, a world of crop shortages and civil unrest. A world where the brightest and best of its young people are drawn to the xenophobic Earth United group.
This is a story about Winter...
This is it! No alternate worlds, no dreams or virtual cities-it's the first time ever that the Doctor goes up against JACK THE RIPPER! When the Doctor, Rory, and Amy find themselves in Whitechapel in 1888, they become part of a murder hunt for Jack himself-or should that be Jack ITself?
This is the city: a technological paradise built by an advanced race. Its glittering towers reach proudly for the stars, and its spires are looped by elevated roadways.
This sequence from the play Pericles again appears with no explanatory notes within the Notebook. The introduction of the character 'Romana' has given rise to various theories as to why the sequence was reworked for the final version of the play.
This time, anarchy's real. There are power cuts and Wilson's resignation, a great upheaval of unease. But now there's real fear too. Real panic. And that's not how it's supposed to be.
This transcript from an early seventeenth-century staging of the play differs considerably from all known sources of text. There are obvious similarities, so the diversion may have been unique to this performance, perhaps an extreme example of improvisation by the actors involved.
Thomas Brewster is haunted by the ghost of his drowned mother. But she is not the only apparition to disturb his dreams. Every few years, he is visited by a mysterious blue box...
Thomas Watson is a farmer in East Ridge, Texas. Oil has been discovered on his land, and oilman John Glassman wants to buy Watson's land, but Watson has refused him.
Those people that die must die. It's history, it's already happened and there's nothing we can do to prevent it, Sarah.
Thousands of years ago, Time Lords built a Prison for the Kin. They made it utterly impregnable and unreachable. As long as Time Lords existed, the Kin would be trapped forever and the universe would be safe. They had planned for everything . . . everything, that is, other than the Time War and the fall of Gallifrey. Now the Kin are free again and there's only one Time Lord left in the universe who can stop them!
Three mightly empires poised for war!
Three years after Világ was all but laid waste by the Killorans, the Doctor is back alongside a different companion. And a lot has changed.
Through the millennia, the Time Lords of Gallifrey led a life of peace and ordered calm, protected against all threats from lesser civilisations by their great power. But this was to change. Suddenly and terribly, the Time Lords faced the most dangerous crisis in their long history...
Thrown off course by a howling storm, the TARDIS lands in a bleak, desolate stretch of countryside. The Doctor deduces that it has arrived in Hampshire in the 1920s and, sniffing the air, he smells a distinct odour of sulphur — indicating that a spaceship has crashed in the area. While Rory goes to fetch an umbrella, Amy and the Doctor brave the rain to find the stricken craft. It is huge, shiny, silvery-blue — and completely empty. A set of footprints leads to a cosy-looking, old-fashioned cottage: but the house, too, is deserted. However, the Doctor and Amy can distinctly hear people talking — and one of the voices sounds like Rory's. How could he be in the cottage when he was last seen heading back to the TARDIS? Where are the residents of the empty house? And what has happened to the inhabitants of the spaceship?
Thursday 28 May 2071: the day the Anglo-Indian Salvage 2 rocket launches. Its mission: to clean up space; to remove from Earth's orbit over a century's worth of man-made junk...
Tibet, 1917.
Tiermann's World: a planet covered in wintry woods and roamed by sabre-toothed tigers and other savage beasts. The Doctor is here to warn Professor Tiermann, his wife and their son that a terrible danger is on its way.
Time Walkers have descended upon the Earth. This alien race, known as the Vist, has claimed an area of time for itself — any species entering into the immediate future will pay the most terrible forfeit.
Time chicks, rooms that don't exist and the threat of total destruction... just a normal day aboard the TARDIS.
Time itself is in peril! The Time Lords find themselves besieged by a mysterious enemy. Vital cosmic energy is draining into a black hole, and the Doctor is their only hope. Trapped in the TARDIS, however, he's powerless. The only way out is to break the First Law of Time to let the Doctor help himself — literally...
Time to take the fight back to those who have accused the Doctor of horrible war crimes! The TARDIS team needs to break into a remote prison to get the tech that will allow them to pull off an incredible heist... Sounds like they'll need some expert help!
To continue Leela's education, the Doctor promises to take her to the famous Morovanian Museum. But the TARDIS lands instead in a quiet English village, where they meet the enigmatic collector Harcourt and his family.
To dream of the Black Dog is to die in terror within the week. The Doctor thinks it nothing but mindless superstition... but then Leela dreams the dream.
To escape from the volcanic eruption on Dulkis, the Second Doctor uses an emergency unit. It moves the TARDIS out of normal time and space. The travellers find themselves in an endless void where they are menaced by white robots.
To escape his Earth exile, the Doctor is prepared to make any bargain, come to any arrangement, or to do any deal with any devil – even if in this case the Devil wears a monk's robes. But when past misdeeds start catching up with both the Doctor and the Monk, who can Liz Shaw trust when time is running out and death is rapidly approaching?
To have an adventure investigating the unusual, there's no time like the present!
To prevent a statue being delivered to Cleopatra, the Eleventh Doctor, Amy Pond and Rory Williams arrive on board a sailing ship in the Mediterranean Sea, 39 BC. The Roman crew are intent on delivering their cargo from Marcus Antonius — a golden figure in the shape of a man. They are about to throw the stowaways overboard when the statue (a Gold Assassin from the court of Xones) is re-awakened.
Tobbs exits the airlock into space to investigate a power failure. He pulls himself along the ladders, ignoring the safety procedures by not tethering. The section of hull has ridged white domes on it, which Tobbs dubs space barnacles. On the comms, Locklear says the suit's life support is losing power, and is cut off. The barnacles jump on to Tobbs, blocking his view and cracking the glass of his helmet.
Today should be much like every other day for Hargreaves, the computer consciousness that co-ordinates daily life aboard the spaceship Aquitaine, stationed on the outer fringes of a black hole. Water the plants, run the diagnostics, cook the Captain's breakfast; then tidy the plates away, rotate the ship, clean the windows of the observation deck. When at last the day's work is done, Hargreaves will dim the lights in the sleeping quarters. But no-one will sleep aboard the Aquitaine tonight. Because the Aquitaine's crew is missing.
Tom Watson is having a normal day at work. His job is to inject fish from the lake with an antibiotic serum. He accidentally injects his thumb with some of the serum.
Tom and Kathy are chatting on instant messenger and Tom recounts -- for the fiftieth time, as Kathy keeps forgetting -- how, one day he noticed a short, bald man standing behind him in the mirror. Looking through some old photos, he finds the same man behind him in all of them. He decides to post a "have you seen this man?" ad.
Tomorrow, Tragedy Day. Tomorrow, total control.
Too much perfection's dangerous.
Top-secret Station 7 is where the Earth Forces send all the equipment captured in their unceasing war against the Daleks. It's where Dalek technology is analysed and examined. It's where the Doctor and Amy have just arrived. But somehow the Daleks have found out about Station 7 - and there's something there that they want back.
Tourist spaceship the Daedalus hangs suspended in space, all but three of its passengers having fallen victim to a bizarre infection. But if the Doctor saves those last survivors, he risks destroying the entire human race.
Tracking a nexus point in time, the Doctor meets Dr Evelyn Smythe, a history lecturer whose own history seems to be rapidly vanishing.
Trapped and desperate, light years from their armies at the heart of the Time War, the War Doctor and Cardinal Ollistra discover that wherever they go, destruction follows. A war reporter named Schandel may provide the key to their escape, but it is often said that the first casualty of war is the truth. When the choice between grim reality and a hero’s story means life or death, will the Doctor allow Schandel to print the legend?
Trapped in a TARDIS where the internal dimensions are constantly in flux, Ace must find the Doctor and work out what's happening...
Trapped in a citadel swarming with Daleks, the Time Lord rescue force must find a way to overcome insurmountable odds. With the Daleks apparently planning to rule the Null Zone, perhaps their thirst for universal conquest and victory has been quenched...
Trapped on a dying world, the Doctor and Charley come face-to-face with those responsible for the war to end all wars, while C'rizz tries to understand what has happened and learns the terrible truth.
Trapped underground, the Doctor and Mrs Wibbsey encounter a small boy who claims to be Aladdin, in search of a fabled lamp. He joins them on their own quest, to find a power source in this weird domain and switch it off.
Trapped within E-Space, the Doctor, Romana and Adric are searching for a Charged Vacuum Emboitment — the gateway back to our universe. It's like looking for a needle in a haystack.
Travelling alone, the Doctor visits a zoo to take his mind off things. One of the newest attractions is the endangered, intangible Krikoosh. It is a cute, fox-like creature, which because of its unique properties is kept in a specially constructed cage.
Trouble is brewing once again; top secret plans are being stolen with their guards killed. All evidence seems to point to the culprit being a sentient robot created by a think tank; however, his basic programming prevents him from killing, providing a contradiction to the clues.
Troubled? Anxious? Tormented by self-doubt? Come to Unity, the psychic planet! From our therapy centre beside Unity's idyllic shores, the Unity Corporation can help you overcome all your problems. How? By using a patented combination of technology and Jungian psychology, we can bring you face to face with your shadow self. The hidden you. The dark you. The you that no-one knows...
Trying to get back to the university before Nardole notices he broke his oath, the Doctor accidentally lands himself and Bill in the past, at the final frost fair in 1814. He decides to enjoy the unexpected trip.
Turlough has joined the TARDIS - the snake in the orchard - and is trying, with limited success, to gain the others' trust.
Twelve million years ago, a war touched the Earth briefly. Now, in Antarctica, an archaeological team has discovered the detritus of the conflict. And it's alive.
Twenty-five years ago, with Richter's Syndrome running rampant throughout the galaxy, the brilliant biochemist Nyssa, formerly of Traken, bade a painful farewell to her young family... and set off into the space, in search of a cure for this deadly disease.
Two RAF fighter jets are on a training flight over North East Scotland when one of them is plucked from the air and promptly disappears. UNIT are called in, and the Doctor and Brigadier Lethbridge-Stewart are soon on the scene. They enlist the help of a local military officer - a young lieutenant by the name of Mike Yates.
Two construction workers in Cuzco, Peru in 1992 talk jokingly about stories of an Incan ghost haunting the place. Suddenly, a mysterious feathered figure appears.
Two months after the destruction of the Titanic, two of Max Capricorn's henchmen abduct Jack Harkness in the mistaken belief that he is Capricorn. The Doctor reunites with Martha Jones to retrieve him from Penhaxico 2. This turns out to be easier said than done because the sunlight on Penhaxico 2 shrinks humans to a tenth of their size.
Two mountain climbers discover an Ice Warrior who was responsible for the flu pandemic after World War One...
Two prisoners meet in a prison cell. Zara is searching for the segments of the Key to Time; she was only born yesterday but already she's killed hundreds of people. Ace is more ambitious: she was going to kill everyone on the planet.
Two things arrive on the same night in Central Park, New York, 1976, The first is a fireball from space, bringing with it a new identity for one Alice Trefusis. The second is the TARDIS, carrying the Doctor and his friends on the trail of an unusual comic book cover.
Two thousand years ago, a cataclysmic volcanic eruption wiped the Roman city of Pompeii from the face of the Earth. It also buried the Doctor's TARDIS...
Two thousand years ago, all civilisation on the planet Teymah was wiped out in an AELE – an Anomalous Extinction Level Event. Now, the galactic entrepreneur Lyam Yce hopes, at last, to learn the reason why the ancient Teymahrians went extinct – by funding a huge archaeological dig.
Two young boys, Coyn and Shalin, are making a model of their people's Great Temple out of pebbles. Their temple is disturbed by a gull, so they decide to catch one to sacrifice. Once they are finished, they decide to build a life-size, stone version of the Great Temple.
UNIT is accustomed to dealing with visitors from space, but nothing has prepared them for Ikiria, an alien artist bearing gifts. Could Ikiria's designs be something more than aesthetic?
UNIT is called in when an alien escape pod brings a woman to the Kent countryside. The Doctor offers to repair her stricken, dimension-hopping ship, seeing an opportunity to escape his exile. But while Callandra charms the Doctor and the other men of UNIT, Jo is less trusting. Are her suspicions well-founded or is there another green-eyed monster at work?
UNIT is handling the security for the World Peace Conference in London, but the Master is plotting to plunge the world into war by wrecking it.
UNIT is in a state of panic. A mysterious spacecraft orbits Earth, waiting to unleash a deadly virus on humanity.
UNIT is providing security cover at an experimental drilling project designed to penetrate the Earth's crust and release a previously untapped source of energy. Soon, however, the drill head starts to leak an oily green liquid that transforms those who touch it into vicious primeval creatures with a craving for heat.
UNIT, along with the Doctor and Sarah Jane, travel to the American desert in search of Crystal Z. The Doctor discovers the crystal could cause a lot of trouble for the Earth and must find it before the trouble begins.
Udilf and the people in his town are preparing for an attack. They spend their days making weapons and armour. They know that an attack by mysterious "creatures", who are invulnerable to their weapons, will come soon.
United States Air Force Commander Knight is conducting a briefing of world military experts about the test flight of the Dart, a rocket-powered fighter plane to be launched from the belly of a B-52 bomber. The TARDIS appears and Commander Knight, who has a prior acquaintance with the Doctor, invites him to join the test flight.
Unsettling things are afoot in a sleepy Cornish village. Strangers are hanging about the harbour and a mysterious object is retrieved from the sea bed. Then the locals start getting sick.
Until now, an offered chance from the Doctor has never stopped the villain's schemes.
Upon landing on an alternate version of the Earth, The Doctor, Rose and Mickey learn that Peter Tyler is apparently alive and well. Lurking in the shadows are creatures made to destroy - one of The Doctor's greatest fears have come true...the Cybermen are reborn.
Urban Myths (A One-Part Story)
Using a psychic transmitter, Snark attempts to strip the Earth of its resources while its people rever him.
Varani, Gire and Jackson are stationed in a moonbase on the Moon. On Christmas Eve Varani hears strange noises. She wakes Jackson, and they investigate. They discover a dust storm outside, and banging in the airlock. When the airlock opens, the dust swirls in and attacks Varani. When she awakes, she finds two strangers in the base, who call themselves the Doctor and Evelyn. After some suspicions on the part of the astronauts, the Doctor tries to convince them he is here to help, but Jackson demands they empty their pockets. Varani finds a coin that Evelyn had, and realises the two visitors are from the future. Jackson and Gire are still suspicious, and Jackson attacks the Doctor with a pole, but the Doctor says it will be useless against the dust creature. Jackson says they don't have any defences against the creature. Suddenly it attacks the moonbase, and all five are subject to a mental attack. The Doctor uses his mental abilities to temporarily ward off the attacker.
Venus is dying. When the Doctor, Barbara and Ian arrive they find an ancient and utterly alien civilization on the verge of oblivion. War is brewing between those who are determined to accept death, and those desperate for salvation whatever the cost.
Very shortly after arriving in a quiet, (and boring) primitive village, the Doctor finds some villagers dressed in not-very-scary sheets to appear ghostly and, drive him away from a sacrificial offering of fruit. Not running away, the Doctor is tied up and according to the only book surviving from their ancestors on Old Earth, the "sacred tex" foretells the coming of the greedy Gulper. The Doctor recognises the "sacred text" as a manual for an old video game. The Greedy Gulper doesn't exist and they have nothing to be afraid of. Suddenly a creature appears that looks like the Greedy Gulper. Encouraging the villagers to throw the fruit, the creature is knocked off balance and is revealed to be a human from a terra-forming company seeking to frighten the settlers that are already on the planet away. The exposed and captured employee of the terraforming company agree to the Doctors request to testify to the Shadow Proclamation meaning that the villagers are safe.
Vicki and Troilus are on the move. Having escaped from the fall of Troy, they and their people have been wandering in search of a place to settle.
Vicki has a tale to tell.
Victoria is staying at the home of Cormac and Sorcha, in 14th century Ireland, while the Doctor and Jamie take care of business elsewhere.
Victoria wakes from a dream of her father. She goes to the console room, where the Doctor is working. He says they haven't left London yet. Victoria needs some fresh air, and the Doctor tells her not to wander too far.
Victorian England. A mysterious woman commands a hidden army in a house of the blind. Scryclops stalk the streets.... and something alien and terrible screams from prehistory – with a hunger that cannot be satisfied! The Fourth Doctor and Sarah Jane Smith return for an all new adventure: GAZE OF THE MEDUSA!
Vishesh Abeyesekere is working at his screen. He works for Signpost, an information service with a base on the Moon. He takes calls and notes the status of the search engines. At first he doesn't notice the increased humming of the search engines.
Visiting Gallifrey to attend an academic conference, the Sixth Doctor's old friend and mentor, Duotheros, requests that he use the TARDIS to examine a temporal anomaly centred on Bixor. The planet, once thriving, appears to have mysteriously eradicated itself, substantially reducing the number of people interested in buying Duotheros' definitive history of that sector of space. Will the Doctor's investigations reveal the cause? Or does Bixor's untimely demise have something to do with a certain blue box?
Visiting a planet-sized shopping centre, Donna is mistaken for celebrity, Krystal Diva, and kidnapped by two hapless security agents, whilst the Doctor must race against time to uncover the real kidnappers, locate Krystal and save Donna before the opening night of a new chain of shops, Ryson Robot's.
Visiting the English seaside town of Cromer in the summer of 1932, the Doctor happens upon the strange world of the Cromer Palace of Curios. The young Ernestina Scott is unusually beguiled by one of the museum's exhibits, and when the Doctor befriends her, they unwittingly embark upon a terrifying escapade. Chased by animated dolls through a nightmarish model house, the Doctor realises he is being hunted by a familiar enemy. The unmistakable sound of hornets is in the air, and they are keen to speak to him. Overseeing this game of cat and mouse is the Palace of Curios' curator — a certain Mrs Wibbsey...
Vislor Turlough is in trouble again: piloting a stolen ship through a pocket universe on a mission that is strictly forbidden by the Doctor. He would be going it alone, but there is unwelcome company in the form of Huxley, one of the legendary novelisors of Verbatim Six, who is narrating and recording Turlough's life.
Voluntary Aid Detachment nursing assistant Molly O'Sullivan spends her days facing the horrors of the Great War. Little does she know that a man from another world has arrived, looking for her.
Wanted: retired army Captain for light household duties and fireside companionship. Must tolerate mild eccentricity and strong scientific advice. Knowledge of Giant Maggots, Super Intelligent Spiders and Prehistoric Monsters a positive boon.
Warning.
Welcome aboard the Space Vessel Vancouver. Its mission: to guard a vast shipment of grain from Earth to the planet Safenesthome.
Welcome back to the 70s (or is it the 80s?)! The Doctor becomes entangled once more with the forces of UNIT when a cache of potentially devastating top secret material is leaked to the media. But does the UNIT whistleblower have a point? Alien invasion and internecine intrigue combine in an explosive new story!
Welcome to Max Warp! Broadcasting live from the Sirius Inter-G Cruiser Show. Hosted by outspoken columnist and media personality Geoffrey Vantage, with spaceship-guru-extraordinaire O'Reilley and daredevil pilot Timbo "the Ferret".
Welcome to Tantane Spaceport — where the tribes of Business and Economy have been at war for all of four hundred years...
Welcome to Valhalla, Capital of Callisto, Jupiter's premier moon, where anything and everything is up for sale. But Valhalla isn't quite what it says in the brochures – not since Earth granted independence and cut off the supplies.
What can it mean when the Doctor and Mel are drawn to an asteroid by a message from the strange, elderly Applewhite sisters? The travellers are promised that they will receive their dearest wishes when they enter the frozen forests of this benighted shard of a world. But the ghosts that haunt this place are desperate to warn the Doctor about the sisters' promises. Only the ghosts know the true nature of the legendary Wishing Beast.
What happened to the legendary Ninth Legion of the Roman army? Bill and the Doctor both have ideas of what happened, but who is right? What is that strange creature lurking in the dark? And why are people suddenly disappearing?
What happens to all the monster masks, scary spiders, broomsticks and plastic skeletons that don't get sold before October 31st? The Doctor is about to find out as he faces a nightmarish threat to humanity.
What is... the Axis?
What links a disintegrating spaceship to a posh garden party, where a wealthy couple are celebrating their love for each other in style? Gatecrashers the Doctor and Lucie think they know the answer. But they're not the only uninvited guests — ferocious alien warriors riding pterodactyl-like Vortisaurs are about to make their entrance!
What lurks in the electronic labyrinth?
What strange attraction lures people to the planet Drebnar? When the TARDIS is dragged there, the Doctor determines to find out why.
What's better: an ugly reality or beautiful fantasy? This is the question the Doctor is forced to confront in a medieval fantasy world where Amy finds herself reluctantly cast as a damsel in distress.
When 400-year-old tribal mummies inexplicably return to life and begin murdering tourists on an exotic alien island, the Doctor's initial urge to investigate lands himself, Jamie and Victoria right in the middle of a jungle holocaust.
When Amy is woken in the middle of the night by the TARDIS telephone, she learns the Doctor carries on a very active social and adventuring life while his companions sleep. She tries to piece together how the fate of the Commonwealth could possibly be affected by the Doctor, an unseen River Song, an unnamed Prince of Wales and a British Queen who has been turned into a goldfish. To the Doctor's horror, she has killed a Warrior Chief in the form of a fly while he was out. She tries to stop the Doctor to have a serious conversation. However, he calls for Rory as it's "his turn" to handle her emotions. Amy begins to tell Rory off for this, but the Doctor's horrified scream stops her - he's got the wrong goldfish. He's got three hours before the pet shops open now to find the Queen with River.
When Amy wakes to find the Doctor carrying a euphonium guiltily, she uses the opportunity to ask a question that has been bothering her for a long time.
When Bernice asks to see the dawn of the space age, the Doctor takes the TARDIS to the United States of America in 1957 — and into the midst of distrust and paranoia. The Cold War is raging, bringing the world to the brink of atomic destruction.
When Decky develops a toothache the Doctor rumbles a plan on a 30th century medical station by an Amorta to extract everyones teeth for thir valuable calcium!
When Delchester United's penalty is blocked by the TARDIS, the Doctor ponders who is operating a Para-static Vortex beam and just what is hidden under Delchester's stadium?
When Dragons fly over the city of London and the air force is deployed, the Doctor leaps to the Dragons' survival.
When Earth and twenty-six other planets are stolen and taken to the Medusa Cascade and the Doctor is nowhere in sight, it's up to the combined forces of UNIT, Torchwood, Sarah and Rose to fight off the thieves, who only have one thing to say to the resistance: "EX-TER-MIN-ATE!"
When Gabby and the Doctor arrive by accident in No Man's Land in July, 1916, they're met by Corporal Jamie Colqhoun — a soldier who knows from bitter experience that there are worse things than the Jerries out in the rat-strewn trenches. Things that drift through the smoke of a thousand cannon shells, and move only when you look away. Shadows that flit over artillery-blasted field hospitals and throw their terrifying wings over the living. Statues that steal your life in an instant. The Weeping Angels. But in a conflict where the life of young men is cheap, and thousands die every day — are the Angels actually offering salvation?
When Jamie McCrimmon brings the Second Doctor a mysterious book, little does he realise the danger contained within its pages. The book transports the TARDIS to a terrifying glass city on a distant world, where the Archons are intent on getting revenge on the Time Lord for an ancient grudge.
When John and Gillian are kidnapped by the Cybermen, the Doctor faces the battle of his life to save them.
When Lord Woolcroft and his team break open the fabled Tomb of Artemis, sealed for thousands of years, they are astonished by what they find inside...
When NASA discovers a message reading GOD SAVE THE QUEEN under the ice on Mars's surface, the Twelfth Doctor, Nardole, and Bill travel to the Red Planet to investigate it. On arrival, they find themselves embroiled in a conflict between the Ice Warriors and Empress Iraxxa, and Victorian soldiers — who are determined to conquer Mars. It's just the same, only this time the humans are the ones invading. Now which side should the Doctor help: humans, or Ice Warriors? One thing is clear: the Doctor must choose fast, as the slumbering Martian hive awakens around them.
When Nyssa attempts to fix the chameleon circuit, the TARDIS turns into a whale. Can she and the Doctor recapture it and turn it back into the old TARDIS before it's stuck in the form of a whale forever?
When Toria's friend Lissa becomes seriously ill after having a baby, Toria runs away from the tribe, frightened.
When a "small device" is stolen from UNIT by foreign agents, the Doctor dresses as an old woman and uses his obedience spray to get it back.
When a London bus takes a detour to an alien world, the Tenth Doctor must join forces with the extraordinary Lady Christina. But the mysterious planet holds terrifying secrets and time is running out as the deadly Swarm gets closer...
When a cosmonaut attempts the first space walk in 1965, the rest of his crew watches in horror as he's swallowed whole by shadow. Only the Doctor can save the spacecraft and the historically important mission.
When a distress call rips the TARDIS from the Vortex, dragging it back through time, it arrives in the midst of a conflict between Gallifrey and an ancient foe.
When a failed attempt to fix the TARDIS sends him to Australia, the Doctor investigates a scientist's work to gain more resources for Earth from an unusual source.
When a girl called Ali pockets a silver orb that falls from the sky, little does she realise it's her ticket to seeing the universe! Desperate to retrieve the mysterious object, the Ninth Doctor agrees to let her join him on a dangerous trip to ancient Babylon. Together they must join forces to stop a giant Starman from destroying Earth before it's too late!
When a horrific and inexplicable death occurs at Space World, a new theme park on Hampstead Heath, UNIT is called in to investigate. The Doctor is highly suspicious. Just who controls the Parakon Corporation, the shadowy organisation behind the running of the park? What is "Experienced Reality" and what are the limits of its awesome powers?
When a lighthouse keeper reports seeing a ball of light plunging into the sea off Tayborough Sands, UNIT sends Mike Yates to investigate. The last thing he expects to find there is an old friend — with a new face...
When a mysterious Christmas card materialises on the TARDIS console, Clara and the Doctor are pulled into an interdimensional adventure of astoundingly festive proportions! Packed with impossible sights and nigh-insurmountable stakes, this special issue also contains puzzles and games woven into the story!
When a naval cruiser sinks in mysterious circumstances in the North Sea, all aboard are lost. Rose is saddened to learn that the brother of her friend, Keisha, was among the dead. And yet he appears to them as a ghostly apparition, begging to be saved from the coming feast... the feast of the drowned.
When a newspaper reporter goes missing, the Doctor, Tegan and Nyssa uncover a case of alien abduction. The trail leads them to the planet Luparis, and a city that appears to be a replica of Tudor era London.
When a sandstorm forces the TARDIS down in the Iraqi desert in 1930, Clara is overjoyed to meet the legendary Amy Johnson, currently engaged in her bid to become the first woman to fly across the world. But something else is hiding in desert sands. Something small and sinister...
When a scientist, Dr Rowan Cartwright, falls into a coma upon seeing the mark of the Blenhim, the Doctor attempts to bring him back to consciousness.
When a spacecraft crashes at the edge of a forest near to a settlement, a "massive, scaly creature" goes on a rampage. The creature with massive jaws and huge wings closes in on Lorna and her friend Stefan and a mysterious stranger arrives, grabs her hand and tells her to run! When Stefan is injured, the Eleventh Doctor leads the creature away from them.
When a teleportation experiment goes badly wrong, Nyssa finds herself stranded on the freezing slopes of the Swiss Alps in 1963. But is it mere coincidence that she finds shelter in a snowbound school, haunted by a malevolent poltergeist?
When an archaeological dig in 1980s England finds a Movellan power pack buried amongst Iron Age artefacts, the Doctor and Romana have no choice but to investigate. And what they discover worries them very much indeed.
When an insecticide causes Britain's insects to grow to enormous size, the Doctor must make a formula to stop them.
When daring criminal Jack Chance masterminds the heist of a precious national treasure from the planet Veltroch, it is the first step in a chain of events that could lead to the destruction of two civilisations...
When one choice can lead to triumph or failure, life or death, glory or destruction - what will you choose?
When scientists in the Antarctic uncover two mysterious seed pods, the Doctor is called in to investigate. He soon realises they are extraterrestrial and extremely dangerous. At the same time, however, ruthless plant-lover Harrison Chase has learned of the find and decides he must have the pods for his collection of rare and beautiful flora. And the pods themselves harbour intelligent life with sinister plans of its own...
When scientists start to go missing in the 20th century, the Doctor is called in by the Brigadier to investigate. His investigations lead him to deduce that they are being kidnapped through time, and he sets off in pursuit, unknowingly kidnapping journalist Sarah Jane Smith in the process.
When something enormous crashes into Bedfordshire, the Doctor, Jo Grant, and the forces of UNIT under Brigadier Lethbridge-Stewart mobilise immediately – and find themselves in the middle of a pitched battle against a terrifying invader... But the shocking face that awaits their return to base may tip the whole world off its axis!
When tempers fray in the TARDIS, the Doctor struggles to help Jamie and Zoe resolve their differences. Arriving at Aspen Base proves a welcome distraction; but the isolated facility is under siege. Can Jamie's belief in right and wrong withstand the perspective changing power of the Integral?
When the Daleks attack his planet, pilot Timmins is given the assignment of helping Captain Tillyard evacuate the town of Cami. As they escape the planet, the Daleks try to stop them, but they are fought off by the Doctor, who was visiting Cami with Jo Grant.
When the Doctor and Donna visit London's Technology Museum for a glimpse into the future, things don't go to plan.
When the Doctor and Gabby arrive in London, they are lured into a trap by an exiled alien who intends to use the Doctor's pain to open the door to its freedom.
When the Doctor and Mel visit the National Foundation for Scientific Research as it celebrates its centenary, Mel expects only to be able to catch up with her uncle. She doesn't expect to meet her own ancestors...
When the Doctor arrives in the 19th-century village of Klimtenburg, he discovers the residents suffering from some kind of plague - a 'wasting disease'. The victims face a horrible death – but what's worse, the dead seem to be leaving their graves. The Plague Warriors have returned.
When the Doctor comes to visit Clara, he finds the whole school fast asleep. Either Clara's class is the most boring experience in the universe or the planet is under attack from a Somnosian Invasion Force.
When the Doctor decides to stop a war, the last thing he expects is to be trapped aboard a doomed spaceship with his oldest friend — who just happens to also be his oldest enemy. The Master is just as surprised: this isn't part of his master plan.
When the Doctor encounters Nazi soldiers chasing a young girl, he is accidentally pulled through the same time rift that brought them to the present day. Now their prisoner, he must stop them from using the rift to steal advanced weapons from the future.
When the Doctor falls ill, Susan is forced to leave the safety of the TARDIS behind. Exploring a disused research centre in search of medical supplies, she becomes embroiled in the deadly plans of a terrorist holding an entire world to ransom — and the soldier sent to stop him.
When the Doctor gets a bus, things start to go wrong...
When the Doctor is called back to modern-day London by Martha Jones and UNIT, the last thing he expects are the Enochian Angels of Elizabethan magician John Dee, the secret underground library of Greenwich Park, and an army of angry living trees!
When the Doctor is called in to investigate an unusual bank robbery, he suspects an alien intelligence is involved. However, he never would have suspected that his oldest enemies would ally themselves with a professor and a mobster!
When the Doctor is kidnapped on a Scottish moor, he finds himself underground, and not alone...
When the Doctor lands on Refiloe, he's not impressed.
When the Doctor last visited Rokhandi, it was a planet of such stunning natural beauty that an entire solar system had sworn to preserve it. What better place to take new companion Alice Obiefune on her first off-world adventure?
When the Doctor last visited the city of Excelis, its citizens were about to enter an age of enlightenment and reason. But some centuries later, he discovers a vicious totalitarian regime at war with the rest of Artaris, living off the efforts of a drugged and broken underclass.
When the Doctor loses both Sam and the TARDIS after an encounter with a mysterious dimensional anomaly, he finds himself affected in a very fundamental way, doubting his own powers and making crucial errors of judgment.
When the Doctor, Charley and C'rizz find their journey through the Interzone interrupted by a nightmarish vision, they are surprised to find the Kro'ka offering the perfect solution...
When the Doctor, Nyssa and Tegan arrive in 1980s London, they find the current hot ticket is The King of the Dead, an interactive theatre experience they've inadvertently become part of. The Doctor settles into his usual role – trying to save the day after discovering an alien presence – but it's Nyssa who finds herself dealing with someone who is working from a different script entirely...
When the Doctor, Polly, and Ben arrive in Lewes in the late 1950s, they’re just in time to celebrate Guy Fawkes’ Night. But there’s no fun on the streets tonight – the town is in the grip of fear. There are imps on the loose in Lewes, the Bonfire Boys are on the march, and nobody is safe from the fire.
When the Doctor, Sarah Jane and Harry arrive in Scotland, having received an urgent request for assistance from the Brigadier, they discover that the mysterious force which has destroyed three oil rigs has left giant teeth marks on the wreckage.
When the Doctor, Steven, and Dodo arrive in London in March 1966, World Cup fever is already underway. But disaster has struck: the trophy has been stolen, and the police are at a loss as to who could have taken it. When someone shoves part of the trophy into Steven's hands, the travellers become embroiled in the case..
When the First Doctor and his grand-daughter Susan escape through the cloisters of Gallifrey to an old Type 40 Time Travel capsule, little do they realise the adventures that lie ahead... And little do they know, as the TARDIS dematerialises and they leave their home world behind, there is someone else aboard the ship. He is Quadrigger Stoyn, and he is very unhappy...
When the Fourth Doctor takes Leela to visit an immense tree space station known as the Heligan Structure, little do they know that the tree has been asleep for centuries, dreaming of vengeance against a man in a blue box ... As the tree awakes, the Time Lord and his companion soon discover why they are such unwelcome guests.
When the Second Doctor, Polly, Ben and Jamie visit a human colony that appears to be one big holiday camp, they think they have come across a truly happy place. Yet a shadowy presence soon makes them realise that the surface contentment is carefully controlled.
When the Seventh Doctor goes to a health club in space, he encounters the universe's biggest glutton, who threatens to eat him alive!
When the Seventh Doctor meets an ancient being named Seneschal who claims to have been responsible for human evolution itself, the Time Lord chastises him for meddling.  Predictably, the being gets angry and chases the Doctor away.  Too late, the time traveller understands that Seneschal has taken a sample of his DNA, with which he can, given billions of years, create a new race of Time Lords.
When the TARDIS arrives on the plains of Asia Minor not far from the besieged city of Troy, the Doctor is hailed by Achilles as the mighty god Zeus and taken to the Greek camp. He meets Agamemnon and Odysseus. Forced to admit he is a mere mortal — albeit a traveller in space and time — he is given two days to devise a scheme to capture Troy.
When the TARDIS crash-lands on a mountainside, the avian inhabitants of the planet take the Doctor to meet their elder, Wingleader Osskah Longspan. The birds choose to throw the Doctor to his death until the Doctor declares himself a god. The Doctor then realises that Osskah is dying and offers to perform surgery in an attempt to prolong his life. During the makeshift surgery, the Doctor distracts Osskah by telling him of his recent adventures. In return, Osskah tells the Doctor of a civil war amongst his people which wiped out half their race, and that he wrote a book chronicling the history of his planet in remembrance. The Doctor and Osskah realise that the Doctor's recent adventure had created a space rift that Osskah's world is  being sucked into. Osskah gives his history book of his planet to the Doctor in the hope that his people will be remembered.
When the TARDIS is buffeted by "time slippage", the Doctor experiences a terrible vision of the end of everything. Tracking the source of the disruption, he takes Rory and Amy to what appears to be an English public school in the 1950s. But as the friends are about to discover, there are some very unusual things about Darkstar Academy. For a start the prefects carry guns, and then there is the strange forcefield that surrounds the perimeter. Not to mention the foot-long, crab-like creatures with spiny, armoured bodies... When the Doctor learns the truth about the Academy, he also discovers that the whole place is in terrible danger. But with a swarm of carnivorous creatures on the loose, what can he, Amy and Rory do to help prevent a terrible disaster?
When the TARDIS lands in Brighton the Doctor and Romana have the chance to spend some time at the seaside. But with it being too early for the opening of the Pavilion, they have to look elsewhere for their entertainment — perhaps Madame Tissot's travelling waxworks, recently arrived in town?
When the TARDIS lands in a dilapidated attic, the Doctor, Vicki and Steven discover they are on Earth, in London... in Number 10 Downing Street.
When the TARDIS lands in a house in Florence, Italy in 1514, it isn't long before the guards of Guiliano de Medici arrest Steven and Vicki. To rescue them, the Doctor has to employ the help of the house's owner - one Niccolo Machiavelli. But can he be completely trusted?
When the TARDIS lands in a quarry on Earth, the Doctor and Sarah are caught in a mining explosion. Sarah is found clutching what appears to be a fossilised hand, buried in one-hundred-fifty-million-year-old strata. Analysis shows the hand to be silicon-based and inert, but when Sarah begins to act as if possessed, the Doctor suspects that it may still be alive...
When the TARDIS lands on Orkney in the near future, the Doctor and Amy arrive to find a large demonstration in progress over the construction of new electricity pylons. The Doctor tries to break things up peacefully - but suddenly the road splits open without warning and swallows police, security guards, and protestors alike.
When the TARDIS lands on Skaro, the Seventh Doctor and Ace are shocked to discover the planet has become the universal centre of learning, populated by a race of peace-loving Daleks. Ever suspicious of his arch-enemies' motives, the Doctor learns of a threat that could literally tear the universe apart...
When the TARDIS lands on a planet that looks identical to Earth, the Tenth Doctor and Martha are amazed to find it packed with fictional characters from her childhood. But who has the power to create an entire world out of books and why? The Doctor and Martha must solve the mystery before their story ends!
When the TARDIS makes a disastrous landing in the swamps of the planet Sunday, the Doctor has no choice but to abandon Martha and try to find help. But the tranquility of Sunday's swamps is deceptive, and even the TARDIS can't protect Martha forever. The human pioneers of Sunday have their own dangers to face: homeless and alone, they're only just starting to realise that Sunday's wildlife isn't as harmless as it first seems. Why are the native otters behaving so strangely, and what is the creature in the swamps that is so interested in the humans, and the new arrivals? The Doctor and Martha must fight to ensure that human intelligence doesn't become the greatest danger of all.
When the TARDIS materialises in a familiar junkyard in the 1960s, the Doctor and Steven are soon embroiled in a mystery in the City of London. Who are the mysterious, bowler-hatted businessmen with their deadly umbrellas? What secret is young Oliver Harper desperately trying to conceal?
When the TARDIS materialises in medieval Worcester, the Tenth Doctor finds the city seemingly deserted. He soon discovers its population are living in a state of terror, afraid to leave their homes after dark, for fear of meeting their doom at the hands of the legendary Devil's Huntsman.
When the TARDIS materialises north of Stalingrad in 1942, the Doctor, Jamie, Ben and Polly are captured by the Night Witches, an all-female unit of flyers tasked with disrupting the German forces nearing Moscow.
When the TARDIS returns to the Scottish highlands, Jamie is framed for theft and finds himself on a death-sentence, the Doctor and Victoria befriend William Wallace and attempt to prove Jamie's innocence. But Sir Douglas is determind to see justice done, even if it's to the wrong person, and the Doctor soon discovers that if Jamie has any chance of surviving, someone else must die in his place...
When the TARDIS vending machine runs out of chocolate, the Doctor takes Rose to Belgium, home of the finest chocolatiers in the galaxy. However, it is 1914 and a German platoon, under the brutal command of Captain Rotmund, has been sent in pursuit of the British (making a retreat through the forest of Mormal).
When the Twelfth Doctor and Clara turn up at San Diego Comic-Con, a quick selfie outside the TARDIS reveals an alien threat among the con-goers and cosplayers! The green-skinned Lady of Neverness can only be viewed through mirrors, photos and quantum snapshots, and has turned up in the background of photos all over the convention! But if enough people view her at the same time, she'll gain the power to breach into our dimension... to feed on the life-force of the whole planet! Can the Doctor and Clara defeat her and save the day?
When the evil Skelloids launch an attack upon the seventeen worlds of the Generios system, its peace-loving inhabitants face total destruction.
When the planet Archetryx is threatened by a Dalek assault squad, the Sixth Doctor and Evelyn become embroiled in an ever-deepening mystery. What has become of President Romana, missing for twenty years? What lurks in the vast gravity wells of Archetryx? What is the secret of the ancient element the Daleks are synthesising -- and how does Gallifrey feature in their plans?
When two belligerent Dominators and their robotic servant Quarks land on the peaceful planet Dulkis planning to drop a radioactive seed into the planet's core to refuel their spaceship, the Second Doctor, Jamie and Zoe must attempt to inspire the pacifist Dulcians to resist.
While Brothers Grimaldius and Lupus attend to their duties at Saint Nicholas's church, the Doctor and Victoria sit in a pub. When a man tells Victoria the story of Saint Nicholas, the Doctor chimes in with his personal experiences with Saint Nicholas, annoying the man.
While River Song takes Helen on an archaeological expedition like no other, the Doctor finds himself enlisted by an alien Queen to save her people.
While being watched by Kel Xhixa of the Directorate of State Security, Isaac meets with a man in a café. He is thrilled to recognise the Doctor, though the Doctor is less than excited to meet Isaac. He warns Isaac against telling him anything from the Doctor's future.
While dodging the Erewon Armada, the Doctor realises that the TARDIS' Xion crystals have been jolted out of line. The slippage caused the passivator to go into flux and leak coolant into the aethiopathic chamber, leading to the positioning system overheating. What the TARDIS needs is a big jolt.
While doing some research, Sarah happens on a report about the death of a "John Smith", who acted as a science adviser to the government. He died in an explosion while examining an alien object. This happened on the Isle of Wight on 5 July 1950.
While flying around in space, the Doctor is tending a potted plant in the TARDIS, when he comes under attack from a nearby warship. With communications open, a voice from the warship keeps apologising for the fusion missile attack on his craft. To avoid further attacks, the Doctor lands the TARDIS inside the warship.
While in ancient Greece, the Seventh Doctor stops at a house for a drink of water, where he unknowingly meets someone who was once very important to him.
While investigating a debris-littered battlefield in deep space, the TARDIS crew are salvaged by an ancient race of collectors known as Dar Traders.
While investigating a previously primitive planet, the Doctor and Frobisher are sold into slavery and are drawn into a Draconian's quest to reclaim his daughter.
While investigating a vanishing Concorde at Heathrow Airport, the Doctor and his companions are thrown millions of years back in time, when a mysterious alien called Kalid is trying to control the ancient powers of the Xeraphin.
While taking Amy to several peaceful locations, the Eleventh Doctor's trip to a museum takes turn for the worse: his interest is caught by a painting of a church by Vincent van Gogh. What troubles the Doctor is that there's a face in the church's window; it's not a nice face, it's a curious, shadowed, creepy face with a beak and nasty eyes. The Doctor knows evil when he sees it and this face is definitely evil; it may pose a threat to the one who painted this face into the church. Only one thing will calm the Doctor's nerves: a trip in the TARDIS to 1890 so the Doctor can find out from the artist himself.
While taking in the sights of Paris in 1979, the Fourth Doctor and Romana sense that someone is tampering with time. Who is the mysterious Count Scarlioni? Why does he seem to have counterparts scattered through time? And just how many copies of the Mona Lisa did Leonardo da Vinci paint?
While the Doctor is in Vienna, he starts seeing visions of Charley Pollard and C'rizz. A man chasing a dog bumps into him, knocking him down, and takes off without apologising. The man loses the dog and complains to the Doctor about seeing ghosts.
While the Eleventh Doctor busies himself making proper ice cream for the travellers inside the TARDIS, Rory is sent off to fetch some milk. It's not a straightforward task. The local supermarket is being terrorised by a giant, green, one eyed alien. When Rory returns to the TARDIS for help, the Doctor is too busy to help Rory “get a pint of milk on his own” so Rory returns to the supermarket alone.
While the TARDIS is travelling in the Time Vortex and the Eleventh Doctor is busy, Amy Pond and Rory Williams hear the telephone ring in the console room. Amy answers it. All she hears is static. She stops in mid-speech to play with the controls. The TARDIS is rocked and the Doctor comes running in, dressed only in a towel. He was having a swim and water has gone everywhere!
While the TARDIS travels through the vortex, Amy Pond's dreams are invaded by an alien race, the Never-were, who show her their homeworld, which is advanced and peaceful. However, the aliens also show her the world in ruins, a world laid waste by a race of insects. They plead with Amy to help them.
While travelling through time and space, the TARDIS runs into a vortex, causing it to materialise on an uncharted planet. The Doctor and K9 leave the TARDIS. They find a very tall and muscular being chained to a rock. Claiming to be the legendary Prometheus, the prisoner says that rather than bringing humanity the spark of fire, it was actually the spark of life. That transgression caused Zeus to punish him.
While trying to fix the TARDIS's chameleon circuit, the Sixth Doctor returns to Foreman's Yard on Totter's Lane in 1985, where he meets his old enemies the Cybermen. They have come from the future to change history by sending Halley's Comet crashing into Earth. Lytton, last seen working for the Daleks, is involved in the Cybermen's plot. Is Lytton working for the Cybermen, himself or someone else?
While visiting the Pheezel Galaxy, the Doctor takes Decky Flamboon to Seacyde, planet of the Seasides. There, accompanied by their Tourbot for the day, they are about relax, but there is a huge splash when something falls into the sea. Taking a small boat, the three of them sail out to the site where the Doctor uses his sonic screwdriver in the water to do a scan. But the sonic draws attention and a huge blue shark-like spacecraft comes to the surface and, rising above the water, smashes the boat. Grabbed by long hooks, the three are taken aboard and placed in a giant bubble. The bubble contains the air in a ship filled with water. The alien crew explain that their ship, the Maritimus Carcharias, transporting marine-life around the stars, has malfunctioned. Its defences pilot it to the nearest sustainable planet. The Doctor's sonic screwdriver had been detected and the crew need the Doctor's help. The Doctor scans and fixes the ship's computer system — problems with the fish's microchips. Back on the shore the Doctor and his friends watch the shark-like ship leave the sea and return to the stars.
While watching the Aurora Arctialis, the Doctor and Sarah witness a ship crash into a planet and go to help. They soon discover that the crash was no accident and not the first. The passengers of those ships are being kept as prisoners on the planet and ask the Doctor to help them escape. But not all is as it seems.
Whilst Peri is enjoying a day out, the Sixth Doctor pops round to a dance instructor's studio for tuition in the art of the waltz. She initially declines, maintaining that she has a full class of children to teach. The Doctor returns the next day, having bought off all the parents. Now her only possible student, she begins to teach him. He learns very quickly and soon progresses to the foxtrot. Along the way, Becky reveals that much of the joy in her life has been sapped by her loveless marriage to David. When she announces that she has fallen in love with the Doctor, for he has been the first man to care about her ambitions in a very long time, the Doctor decides that he had best exit her life so as not to cause her further pain.
Whilst leaving a many-tentacled, green creature to be blown up, the Doctor, having arrived in 15th century Italy, decides to pop in and visit his friend Leonardo da Vinci. At the house, the Doctor is greeted by Leonardo's understudy Ludovico, who explains his master has locked himself away, leaving shopping lists out overnight.
Whilst on the way to visit the birthplace of MR James, a chance encounter with a spiritualist on a train sends the Doctor and Romana on the trail of a ghost. It's the most convincing case of haunting he's ever heard of, he tells them. And so, on their arrival, does it appear to be.
Whilst showing his latest companion, Erimem, around her new home, the Doctor discovers that the TARDIS seems remarkably keen to be as unhelpful as possible. Almost as if it wants rid of its occupants...
Whilst the TARDIS traverses the time vortex, the Seventh Doctor is attempting to write a novel about his adventures with Benny and Ace. As he writes, he recounts a recent adventure with the duo during which they were all together at Smithwood Manor. Devising a plan to lure the Timewyrm into a trap, he sends Benny to the 1980s to join a new romantic band named Flash Trash, and Ace to the future to tackle the Chelonians fighting in a Frontier War in the 57th century, claiming that he needs them to set history right in both periods.
Whilst travelling in the vortex, the TARDIS is struck by an advanced war machine — a Time Tank! Losing Romana, the Doctor and K9 pursue the Tank to Aoris, a world quite literally at war with itself.
Whilst walking through the woodland of an unnamed world, the Fourth Doctor predictably speeds ahead, entering a cave. Sarah is left to moan about how he always does this sort of thing to her. Mid-whinge, she feels the ground rumbling beneath her. Soon, she is facing a particularly nasty-looking jannosaur. She watches in horror as the giant, slug-like creature begins suctioning up everything in its path. The Doctor appears from the cave in the nick of time to save her from the jannosaur's voracious appetite.
White Tulip and Black Rose have been killing everyone who has come into contact with Isaac's music: Ambassador Nikolai Faro, the members of Isaac's orchestras in England and the Democratic Republic, the living city Boro Berikuka, and Arto and Turis. Now they attack the Doctor in his TARDIS, but he is prepared for them. Their attacks don't connect, and he uses the sonic screwdriver to destroy them.
White: the perfect camouflage for ghosts.
Who wouldn't want a perfect world? Thomas Brewster for one.
Why has Zoe Heriot been having nightmares about the Daleks? Who is the Doctor, a mysterious man from her past? When an evil scientist hijacks her mind to control a galaxy-conquering weapon, Zoe must stop him. First, she and the Second Doctor will face an enemy they had thought destroyed forever.
William Shakespeare has brought Richard Burbage to an inn near the Globe Theatre to discuss his latest idea for a comedy. They are joined by the Fifth Doctor. Shakespeare begins his pitch by describing a story of a woman who pretends to be her brother, inspired by Of Apollonius and Silla by Barnabe Rich. The Doctor makes a face at this and remarks that he prefers the original version by Matteo Bandello.
William Shakespeare has sprained his wrist while writing sonnets, but the Fourth Doctor, who has paid him a visit, gives him some help in draughting Hamlet. However, the phrase "take arms against a sea of troubles" ends up remaining in the play at the insistence of Shakespeare, despite the Doctor claiming that it is a mixed metaphor.
William needs a new hobby and goes to a fishing shop. There he meets a strange man called the Doctor who buys fishing equipment for him and offers to take him fishing.
Winning is everything — and nothing.
Winter at the seaside. The wind blows. The waves crash. People are dying and a strange spindly figure stalks the cold, deserted streets. A typical holiday for the Doctor and Leela in other words.
With Evelyn gone, the Doctor sets course for his destiny... in the form of his first meeting with Miss Melanie Bush, a computer programmer from the village of Pease Pottage, currently busy rehearsing with the local Amateur Dramatic Society — and blissfully unaware that her future is on its way, in his TARDIS.
With brimstone breath and eyes aglow, he'll eat your soul — to Hell you'll go!
With energy drains occurring all over the planet, the world is thrown into a panic when alien ships arrive over major cities. The aliens demand that humans shut down their nuclear power generators or they will be destroyed in five days. Can the Doctor and the world look beyond these aliens' appearance and see the true threat?
With fangs like splinters, claws like knives, the Beast of Orlok gobbles lives.
With giant rats still roaming the sewers of Victorian London, Henry Gordon Jago and George Litefoot realise that someone must deal with the creatures and intend to do it themselves using their newly-acquired Gatling gun. They have only been told about the rats by the Doctor, and have not actually seen them. As the pair leave the public house where they have been discussing their forthcoming task, as well as wishing the Doctor was still around to help, Litefoot bumps into a stranger dressed as a cricketer, to whom he apologises before departing. While the stranger seems to recognise him, Litefoot feels a chill pass through him.
With the Doctor increasingly worried about the direction the Station's research is taking, the commander of Station 7 knows he has only one possible, desperate, defence. Because the last terrible secret of Station 7 is that they don't only store captured Dalek technology. It's also a prison. And the only thing that might stop a Dalek is another Dalek.
With the TARDIS awaiting repairs, the Doctor meets Kane, a man who tells him of the approaching menace that threatens much of the galaxy, including the Earth.
With the TARDIS in for repairs, the Doctor and Romana must battle the Nimon, a monster who enslaves a planet.
With the first objective of his mission reached, almost nothing is going to plan for the Doctor. He finds he cannot contact or return to the Time Lords' home planet, Gallifrey. And just when Molly O'Sullivan thinks she's escaped one conflict, she finds herself in the thick of another one.
With the high-ranking Time Lord Seratrix behind enemy lines, the War Doctor finds himself assigned to a rescue mission. But any room for manoeuvre is severely restricted by an area of space known as the Null Zone.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. Born in 1756, a veritable wonderkind — playing music for the crowned heads of Europe as an infant, composing by the time he was five years old. But it's tempting to wonder whether his amazing longevity has overshadowed his creative genius — would Mozart's music be better respected, maybe, if he'd died as a young man? Would he be a legend of music, rather than of scientific curiosity, if he'd never lived to compose the film score for the remake of The Italian Job?
YOU are the Doctor, a mysterious traveller in time and space. Will YOU succeed in foiling the ghastly plans of the horrible Porcians, the most inept invaders in all the cosmos? Or will you get yourself killed, over and over again?
Yan Periko makes his way through the heavy snow of Prague to the pub. He meets his friends there, but he learns to his dismay that they know about the young girl he rescued and they want details. He tells them he found her in the snow and brought her home, and she doesn't remember who she is. He has been painting pictures of her.
Yarah de Silva is allergic to animals — all animals. However, she really wants a puppy, and she has even dreamed up the perfect puppy. Her father works in robotics, and one day Yarah watches a tour group go through the factory. She takes notice of a man in a strange coat who makes funny faces at her.
Years after he gave up travelling in the TARDIS, Steven Taylor is the deposed king of a distant world.
Years after leaving UNIT, Jo Grant receives a plea for help from an old acquaintance. A palaeontological study of the earliest known humans is apparently under threat from a UNIT force led by a captain who does not officially exist. Investigating further, she begins to find herself out of her depth — and out of the twentieth century altogether...
You have to stop reading. It can get into anything, anything written down. You can't let it get a hold. We're doing what we can to stop it. Here and back in 1814. Washington isn't safe. America isn't safe. Nowhere is CEREBRA. You have to CEREBRA reading before it CEREBRA. If it gets into your mind CEREBRA it's all CEREBRA. Everything's CEREBRA. CEREBRA. CEREBRA. CEREBRA...
You've decided to concentrate on deriving energy from the kinetic force of planetary movement...
Young student Schef is ridiculed when he opens up his compression-sack and presents the TARDIS to his fellow students as part of a class show-and-tell. While he is in detention, the school is invaded by a party of cyborg soldiers (Yeamorg Warriors). The Warriors have been hunting the Doctor by following sightings of the TARDIS across the planet.
Yquatine — cultural, political and economic centre of the Minerva System. A planet with a month to live.
Zeet Frenzy makes television programmes, including a comedy about the Daleks. His only concern is his audience numbers.
Zetheda, once a beautiful world, has become a universal rubbish dump.
Zoe Heriot has a photographic memory. Total recall. Yet when it comes to the years she spent travelling in time and space, all she can remember is that she has forgotten.
Zoe Heriot remembers everything. But she remembers nothing.
aquaphobia n. An abnormal fear of water, or drowning.
at the hospital psychiatric ward, waits for a bus in a heavy downpour. While he waits, he chats with a woman named Elsie about her husband and about how buses come in threes. He tells her he knows someone who thinks he can control the weather.
to determine their suitability as soldiers, decide to use humans for their army. They genetically alter the non-human survivors of their tests into killing machines.
waiting in Westminster Abbey...
“Even Time Lords die...”
“I'm an archaeologist, but probably not the one you were expecting.”
“Nothing can get into the TARDIS,” the Doctor whispered.
“This is full scale war. Wirrn and humankind locked in a deadly struggle for survival. When did that happen?”
“You will be always looking in the wrong place. I have searched through all of Time and I cannot find it.”